	San Fran is the Place	I loved the location of the hotel along with the service inside and outside the room. It was great to be able to get everywhere I wanted to go by just walking out the front door. All the people were very hospitable.	
	Very good hotel in a good location	I had  nights in this Westin. In the beginning I thought th floor will be really noisy for a SF downtown hotel but it relatively quiet. Of ourse you hear the fire fighters when they do their regular tours in downtown. But this is also applicable for gt th floors.The rooms was stylish and roomy. There even was a healthy stepper thing located next to the floor to ceiling windows. Nice clean bathroom as well. The bar and restaurant are also nice but rather expensive.	
   	Great home base to explore the city	Location location location applies in real estate and in travel and this hotel has a perfect location to explore San Francisco. Its right around the corner from the downtown shopping district Union Square and Chinatown and my wife and I were able to hoof it to Telegraph Hill Fishermans Wharf Japantown the Painted Ladies and Lombard Street though be prepared this citys huge hills are NO JOKE. Being able to walk everywhere is a blessing considering the outrageous charge of nearly night to park a car here.The hotel itself is nothing to write home about really but the rooms are adequate and of course have the Heavenly Beds that make Westin worth staying at. The first room they gave us was small and had a terrible view but we were quickly upgraded when we asked for a better view and we could see the bay and the sunrise from our next room.I would recommend this hotel mostly for the location though if youre expecting something really luxurious for the price you pay you probably wont get what youre looking for.	
   	Nice business hotel in the center of town	Convenient for the convention center and central San Francisco. Really a standard Westin - nothing to particularly complain about but nothing memorable.	
   	Westin Excellence with a tinge of uncharacteristic unfriendliness.	Always a fan of Westins Ws etc the Starwood chain. However several people at this particular location provided less than the welcoming hospitality that I have come to know. They were not terrible in general but in comparison to the calliber of service from this chain they were sub-par. Priily this was the front desk as bar tenders baggage handlers an droom staff were superb. However this is a nice clean beautiful hotel in a very convenient and central location. You wont have anything fantastic right outside your doorstep or have a neighborhoody feel but you are centrally located with ease to get to many major attractions. Blocks to shopping Union Square the financial district BART transportation and a longer but acceptable walk to the Embarcadero and Ferry Terminal. Prices can vary drastically at this hotel so when you get a good deal it cant be beat but often there will be better values. The W down the street was a far more enjoyable experience. The bed is amazing as always the room was slightly smaller than typical but this IS San Franciso so it was quite ample. The room staff was responsive extremely friendly and diligent. Concierge was also amazing both before my arrival and during.	
   	Nice hotel near Union Square	We stayed with some friends and had two rooms both of which we upgraded for  to deluxe rooms. The upgrade added floor to ceiling windows and a king size bed. The rooms were located next to each other on the rd floor however one room was large with a sitting area and the other was about % of the size and fairly compact. Parking is expensive at the hotel about average with other hotels in the area and the amenities in the room are fairly limited compared to other Starwood hotels Ive stayed at. The room did include a personal coffee maker with Starbucks coffee which was an excellent touch and much easier to use then your average hotel coffee maker. Overall a nice clean -star hotel in the Union Square area but nothing amazing	
   	Vanilla kind of place but great location	Stayed here for a conference in the end of . The conference facilities were great but as for our room on the whole Id have to say it was just vanilla...The beds were comfortable but not over the top the bathroom was CRAZY small. We called to ask for a fridge for our room to keep some wine chilled and it took a few calls before we got it. Would have been easier if we could have just temporarily moved the stuff in the minibar fridge out but they have one of those sensors that charges you when something gets moved so we didnt try it. Our room was on the rd floor which provided some interest for my young kids....watching fire trucks approach the area from  blocks away watching the fog roll across the city etc. As for location it is tough to beat. My husband and kids joined me for the trip even though I was attending conferences for most of the time and they had the cable car terminus union square and the Yerba Buena park all within a  min walk. A BART station is also right nearby. We also took the F cable car down to the ket at Embarcadero. The food stands there are amazing -- just too bad it isnt open for longer hours. For anyone going to a convention at the Moscone center it is  block away. We ate twice at restaurants that were within walking distance of the hotel and had been recommended by the concierge. I thought both were uninspiring. We had thought about eating at the restaurant downstairs but the menu was rather pricey and their prix fixe menu one night a week only had  choices for entrees both red meat which I dont eat. Best meal the whole trip was our burrito run into the MissionTwo arate notes...our conference quotratequot offered by the organizer was about night higher than the rate I booked the room for online. At the rate I got I think its an OK value but no one should pay gt for a room here. Its just not that nice and Im sure you could find better easily.On a final up note we had a late flight home and the front desk was very accommodating about holding our bags until our departure to the airport at pm. We had asked that they have a cab waiting to take us to the airport when we returned from sightseeing shortly before . Instead of a cab they had the hotel quotdriverquot take us for the same cost as a cab. Town car instead of a taxi and a super friendly and safe driver.	
   	OK for business	Im just back from business having stayed at the Westin. The location is good for business and especially conventions as Moscone is a  minute walk. If youre there for pleasure its an OK location with Union Square about  mins walk. Its a good hotel and the service was fine but ask for a room away from the lifts. The noise that comes through the air conditiong ducts in these rooms is pretty loud. After one night they moved me without fuss though. My only other gripes and these are universal is the price of wifi .day and breakfast -  for a buffet	
   	Great base for City stay	We stayed in a very nice room tastefully orated and extremely clean it wasnt the biggest room weve ever had but was The bathroom was nice and modern with fluffy towels and good quality toiletries. This is quite a big busy hotel we were never disturbed by other guests or traffic noise etc. The bed was extremely comfortable and had great pillows as well.The use of the internet was expensive  for  hours - noon to noon the following day we found free internet at Coffee Bean amp Tea Leaf shop about  minutes walk away. We booked with Expedia and felt we had good value for money for this hotel.	
   	Strong potential good location some serious lapses at check-in	We are bay area residents who stayed here while on business for the day and going to dinner and the theater in the evening. Location adjacent to Yerba Buena gardens off ket Street near several major museums and public trans is quite good. Its a stones throw from the Four Seasons which is substantially more costly. The or is modern and well done the room was of modest size but very well kept up and tastefully orated comfy bed in-room Starbucks. Excellent black-out curtains noise level on the th floor was minimal suggesting very good construction. Amenities included essentials soap lotion shampoo. Sufficient towels. There were  electrical outlets and an Internet cable plug-in spot on a strip on the very compact-sized desk. I must comment on check in which was **dreadful** unless you like to stand in line for an hour with bags. There were at least  people in front of us with two reception people working the desk. The young staff concierge tried valiantly to make nice handed out bottled water said quotEveryone arrived at once were you all on the same busquot Not exactly. And the line was half way across the lobby every time some of our party checked between noon and  when we finally gutted out the line. My husband tried to check in earlier in the day and they said quotno after  onlyquot but later while we were clearly annoyed in line came by and asked us if we had done quotpre-check in.quot What We would have had you offered in that morning In fairness there was a athon in town that day but if you know you have  people checking in you need to have the foresight to add staff or stagger the hours you are checking people in. After an hour or so a couple more people were finally added to help check in. I would recommend this hotel but only with the caveat that you sort out your check in time and ask about quotpre-check inquot when you make the reservation. Also if you have a car avoid the high hotel traffic times for valet service because I heard people in line complaining about the bottleneck there was not a problem early in the a.m. however.	
   	Very Classy Elegant and Beautiful Hotel	This hotel is right in the heart of the cityVery convenient to walk around everywhere. Beautiful majestic rooms and wonderful view of San Francisso.Thoroughly enjoyed living there Extremely modern and elegant hotel	
  	My Favorite place in the US	We had a wonderful time in San Francisco. We stayed at the Westin ket Street. The rooms were spacious clean and the service was great. There were so many attractions to see and things to do I cant name them all. Alcatraz is a MUST DO We were there for like  hours. It is fairly easy to get around the city on public transportation if you are staying down town. We were there for  days and did not need a car. There are all kinds of neat little restaruants tucked in different neighborhoods of the city. Be sure to ask where you are staying for suggestions. All in all I cant wait to go back.	
   	Nice Hotel	The Westin ket Street is a very nice upket hotel in an excellent location in San Francisco - a quick walk to Union Square and public transport on Mraket Street to just about anywhereWe  family of  adults   kids  and  had a large bright and very clean room - on the th floor I think - and the beds were wonderfully comfortable. Bathroom was a little dark but spotless and we had a bath  which was nice for the little one.Check-in was smooth and the girl at the desk who dealt with us was extremely pleasant as were all of the staff we met there including in the restaurant. This was a pleasant surprise given some of the reks made on this site.We didnt have breakfast at the hotel - Starbucks is just up the street if all you want is a coffee and pastry- but we did have a very good  if rather expensive meal at quotDuccaquot.My only complaint would be that our room was right next to the service elevators that rumbled noisily up and down late at night and early in the morning. I presume that our room allocation was due to the fact that we had got an absolutely fantastic rate on Expedia which I imagine gives the hotel some scope to allocate better -placed rooms to those paying the full whack.All in all our stay was very pleasant and if were ever back in SF  its a long way from France and get a similar deal then Id stay there again.	
   	ent place if you get a ent deal	I stayed there with my gf for  nights. I had no complaints other than the usual hotel issues you would have for a place that costs night. Beds are as always very comfortable and nice as with all other Westin hotels. But why do the showertub drains never drain properly Its not just this hotel but with ALL hotels that Ive visited in the past  years. I have no idea. If you get a room for night or better I say this place is good. Anything above is iffy. Good luck.	
   	Great Hotel in the best part of the city	We had a great stay for  nights at this Westin hotel - Great location- A short walk from the ferry building and embarcado aswell as the city center.We were upgraded on arrival to a delux room with great panoramic views of the city near the top floor at no cost. Although slightly on the small side the room was clean and nice- The bed was really comfy and the in room starbucks coffee maker and huge plasma TV were great bonusesStaff at the hotel were also really helpful and friendly.Hotel restaurant was also great - One of the best meals we ate in SFGreat Hotel - Would definatley stay here again.	
   	Great stay	The Westin ket St. is a well located hotel with good facilities. Located on rd St. about a min walk from Union Square makes it ideal for shopping and good restaurants. The service was good enough and the rooms had all the facilites you expect from a * hotel. No swimming pool here though	
   	It was fine for one night	They had lost my reservation but managed to squeeze me in. The staff was nice and helpful. The room was on the small side but comfy. One caveat. They claim to have  hour room service which actually ends at  pm. so if you check in late and want to eat they will give you a pizza delivery menu and suggest the store next door foe beverages or cold snacks. All the other restaurants in the immediate vicinity close early also. The bed was the best I had on the trip. Its close to the Moscone center shopping and museums. It was fine but not anything Ill be rushing back to. The room would suit a solo traveller but if more than that probably be tripping over each other	
   	Disappointed by outrageous fees and lack of concern for guests	We stayed at this hotel for two nights after a long drive from LA. The moment we arrived the valet greeted us by telling us that there was a  parking charge tax per night and that valet parking was the only option. Only later did we discover that there is a public parking garage right across the street. Approx.  for parking per night seems like highway robbery to me no matter what city its in or how nice the hotel isThe staff at the front desk were courteous and the bellman was pleasant. The room was nicely orated and the beds were fairly comfortable. On the first night of our stay however the guests next door were partying and drinking which turned into screaming and hollering in some type of domestic dispute at around am. I was on the verge of calling the police when I called down to the front desk at am. No one from security ever showed up and our noisy neighbours finally quieted down around am. When I complained to the front desk the next morning nothing was done. They simply blamed it on quotunruly guestsquot. The walls between the rooms are thin so noise travels well and the heavy metal room doors also slam loudly which echoes down the hall anytime a guest leaves their room.This hotel has the typical overpriced minibar  for a can of soda and they also charge  per day for wireless internet. In this day and age thats just poor service. If the cafe on the corner can offer free wireless so can the Westin. There is a convenience store next door that sells soda and snacks so skip the minibar and save yourself from the price ging.In the end we were highly disappointed by our stay feeling overcharged and undervalued as guests. Id skip this hotel and find somewhere where they offer your amenities for free and care about their guests concerns.	
   	Great location great room ok service	Stayed in a Premier Room at the Westin ket Street in San Francisco. Upon driving up to the lobby there was no one to help with the bags or door and navigating through the revolving door with luggage was tricky. Had to wait several minutes at check-in as the two attendants on duty were busy with other customers.Room was clean spacious and well maintained. The view was spectacular since the room was on a high floor facing the Moscone Center Yerba Buena Gardens and the Metreon.Location was excellent right off ket street and convenient walk to union square and extended walking distance to Giants Stadium and the piers. Paid a starpicks special rate which made the room fairly reasonable for its location and quality.Overall a pleasant experience. The hotel meets standard Westin comforts or and service with an excellent location for exploring the city.	
   	Disappointing..............	Just returned from a  day trip to California  of which were spent in San Francisco at the Westin on ket. I am a  yo female and I was traveling with my brother .We arrived at pm and was told that the rooms were not ready...okay...no worries....we went to Starbucks and sat there for an hour came back and were given our two rooms...my brothers was still dirty and unmade with someone elses luggage in it.My room had no safe...the bolts were in the closet but the safe was missing. Okay...again no worries...At pm that evening the elevators were going non stop and making horrendous noise which was right on the other side of the bedroom wall. I called downstairs and asked about it. They said they shut them off at midnight. They DO NOT...Next morning went to see the manager and requested a room change.This I had no problems with the desk clerk was excellent and made sure I was moved to another room. I did find the diningroom staff at breakfast to be somewhat less than congenial they seemed put out when asked for something such as cream for the coffee.We did purchase these rooms through Expedia and I dont know whether that is the reason we were given the poorer rooms but I think one should be treated as well as the next guest no matter how the rooms were procurred.At the end...we just returned home today and I received a phone call from my brother...he said he was billed an additional  for the mini bar which neither one of us touched or moved because we know that these are very sensitive.I honestly dont think I will ever stay at another Westin because of the experiences of this week......Go down one block to th St and do yourself a favor and stay at the riott	
   	Excellent hotel in a great location	We spent  nights at the Westin and loved it there THE HOTELProsIt was an elegant clean comfortable hotel. The staff were super friendly knowledgable and helpful. We asked for a crib for our toddler and the front desk host k even offered us a small refrigerator for our room which came in really handy Also the crib was clean and safe for our little guy. Our room was on the fourth floor and was near the elevators but we didnt hear any noise at all. ConsWe did hear conversations coming from next door though so I guess the walls are pretty thin. We also didnt have a view from our window. And it would have been nice to have a pool so that we could have taken our son swimming.THE LOCATIONProsket Street is the one long diagonal street that runs through the city. On that street are tons of shops a shopping mall restaurants the start of the cable car route lots of bus stops and also access to the BART bay area rapid transit. Our entire trip was by public transit with a kid in a stroller and we found the location to be really convenient and so close to everything. We did the City Pass and we could get to all the attractions quite easily.ConsNone It was a fabulous location.We were really happy with our stay and definitely recommend this hotel to anyone	
   	This is how a Westin should feel	Dont stay at Westins too much last was New Orleans but I like how the brands hotels are all very consistent in both design service and location. Like New Orleans this was a recently remodeled hotel formerly called The Argent but had been given a pretty thorough Westin makeover. The lobby rooms are totally Westin-ized with very comfy Heavenly beds clean-lined furniture stark white walls large flatscreen TV and upscale bathroom. Actually the rooms are a very good size for a hotel like this definately wider than usual. We were three guys and were able to fit a very comfy cot into a room with  double beds with plenty of room to spare. Over the course of  nights this was actually a very comfortable layout.Bathroom shower pressure very good cutains were effective at blocking out light from the sun and the closet was nice with upscale wooden hangars. Bathroom amenities were Westins Heavenly Bath brand but didnt include a liquid body wash which surprised me used the shamproo instead. Towels were plentiful and very fluffy. As for the rest of the hotel didnt use much of it. Had a drink one night out on the terrace of Ducca the hotels restaurant. Was surprisingly quiet thought the place would be more of scene. Restaurant furniture was pretty chic and the restaurants terrace was a nice amenity. One of the other guys ordered room service breakfast which came very promptly and he was satisfied. I had a package dropped off at the front desk with just my name on it and the hotel had it sent up to the room which was nice. All in all very pleased. Only one thing I would comment on was they put us in a room next to the service elevators and you can mildly hear them race up and down the elevator shaft at certain times. Thought about asking for another room but thought the moving process would be more of an annoyance than the light sound. All in all would be happy to return.	
   	Central Location Nice Hotel - cant go wrong	I travel to San Francisco frequently about - times a month so I know most of the hotels in the SOMA and Embarcadero areas. My most recent stay was in the end of ust for four nights at the Westin on ket Street. First the location is central within walking distance to Union Square San Francisco Centre Ferry Building ATampT Park and to the public transportation systems BART Muni and cable car. If you take the BART from either the San Francisco or Oakland airports simply depart at the Montgomery Station and walk about two blocks and the hotel is right thereThe check-in was also pleasant the lady at the front desk upgraded me to a Starwood Preferred Guest room upon check-in granted I gave her my SPG card as well but it was nice that she did that for me even though I didnt ask. *WORD OF ADVICE* Be nice to the front desk folks it can payoff for you - they can either give you a crappy or nice room.The room itself was nice spacious and clean and nice view of the SOMA district from the th floor I also used the fitness center at the hotel and thought it was nice too ... I would have to say their fitness center is better than the Hyatt Regencys or Le Merdiens ... the gold standard is still the riott on Fourth Street. I also dropped by the Ducca bar for drinks and appetizers and they were good - no complaints.	
   	Nice comfortable hotel...	Affordable  star hotel large rooms great beds in the hot spot good service	
   	Enjoyable Stay Great Room	We stayed  nights on the top floor corner room SPG member premium room with views of Union Sq Alcatraz Coit Tower Financial District and pretty much anything worth seeing. Floor to ceiling windows were great and I was up at  am when the sun was up to see the xuty come alive and watched the lights at night. The room was great bed comfy and sheets good  thread count only though. The bathroom was very nice and the shower large enough for  people easily. The only glitch was that on our first night the room safe was not available as it was being serviced and did not arrive until the next day so we left our valuables with security who issued a luggage tag a little disconcerting as front desk do not have a hotel safe. The safe arrived the next day.Hotel staff were aloof as others have said not unfriendly just aloof and could have made an extra effort to smile and greet guests. The hotel was very busy including meeting rooms. We found the lounge areas even more impersonal so passed on having a drink there - opting for a few places nearby and there are many to choose from. The location of the hotel is great and this hotel does have some great weekend rates from time to time. It is a solid  star business hotel and suitable for weekend getaways. In my opinion is is not great for families with small children as there are no facilities for them and none nearby. There are better choices on th Street for families.We would stay again.	
   	Great location nice small rooms sometimes crowded.	Many other reviewers have commented on the location and its true that its hard to beat - convenient to Union Square Chinatown financial district BART the F line trolley. Rooms are very nice and comfortable if like most S.F.hotels small. The only downside Ive encountered on several visits is that the hotel can be very crowded with some annoying waits for the elevators. Aside from that if you can book a good deal online definitely go for it.	
   	Horrible Customer Service	Very beautiful hotel but very horrible customer service. We were part of the wedding held in the hotel. The public parking right behind the hotel which is public but the hotel HAS access to closed the doors at  pm Note No signs of the hours of operations were visible. Not only we were not able to pick up a car because of the city “laws” however as we found out later they had access to the gates but we were not able to stay in the quotBoardroom” which was reserved for the bridal party only until  am because this was our only option for the reason that there were room available in any Hotels around. Nobody can tell me that the room with just a table and a sofa is needed at am and people in our situation can not just stay there because there are no other options. They kicked us out of the room and let us stay in the lobby until  am for the parking to open doors. Very disappointed You will get what you paid for but NOTHING extra. Hope no major things would go wrong when you stay here no help is coming	
   	A modern business hotel but also good for tourists	Spent  nights on vacation in San Francisco with my with and dhter at the Westin. It was the peak of tourist season or so it seemed and all of the public transportation and the restaurants were packed with out of town visitors. The concierge service at the hotel was exceptional given the near constant line at their desk and provided helpful informaiton and even got us a good deal from a local rental car company that delivered it to the hotel and allowed drop off at the airport for only a minor fee. The room was adquate for the three of us the bath was very average but was clean and had lots of towels and other amenities. No free internet. The place looked pretty packed while we were there but it never seemed to impact the service. All and all a good place to stay. Not near the main tourist areas so be prepared to walk about a mile to the embarkadaro or take the historic street car line also city bus service and cable car is only a short walk. Lots of coffee shops and small restaurants nearby.	
   	Westin ket St was FANTASTIC and Great Value	My wife and I recently stayed at Westin ket St for  nights. Great staff and inviting lobby. At check-in the desk clerk told us that the room that we had been assigned was more about the view than the size with which I was fine. We arrived to our room on the st floor and a BEAUTIFUL view of the city The room was lovely clean modern comfortable. Large LCD TV starbucks coffee wonderful linens on the King-sized bed. Great location with plenty of restaurants and shopping within walking distance. Be sure to have breakfast lunch or dinner at Cafe Mason Only two small complaints . housekeeping forgot to give us washcloths on one day and coffee supplies on two days. Both were promptly refreshed upon request. . we experience a bit of problem getting our keys to work a problem that the desk clerk told us on checkout was probably related to a low battery in the lock mechanism. Outside of that a WONDERFUL experience We will definitely return to the Westin ket St	
   	Great Location	We stayed there in  th.  The hotel was nice and the location was perfect. The rooms were nice and clean and the bathroom was nice. Nothing special about the hotel but the views from the top floors were incredible. I do think the prices of room service misc. prices - internet and local phone calls and etc.. were a bit too high.. We didnt use the internet or phone and etc.. because of the prices but be aware if you do.. If anything I think the prices of those costs should be lowered. But besides from that it was a good hotel. I would stay there again..	
   	Room with a view	Just returned from a perfect four day stay at the Westin with my wife. Let me start by saying the location of this hotel was awesome. We were able to easily walk to any downtown destination from the hotel. The BART station is very close we didnt partake-we love to quothoof itquot- burning off lots of calories from gastronomical over-indulgence. We scored a th floor room that had a STUNNING view- both of Alcatraz and the Golden Gate Nighttime views were romantic to say the least. The staff were all very courteous and accomodating especially housekeeping. The room was quite small but very well appointed tastefully orated and quiet. As with all Westins in which I have stayed the Heavenly bed was very comfortable Though Im not much of a Broadway fan my wife convinced me to get tickets to quotWickedquot which was playing at the Orpheum theatre. I was incredibly impressed and would highly recommend this Great storyline and very talented performers. Also saw the long running quotBeach Blanket Babylonquot but didnt enjoy it nearly as much even though the politcal satire was funny. Other thoughts Starbucks and Walgreens across from the hotel are convenient Dinner at Cheescake Factory on the th floor k of Macys-overlooking Union Square was fun for food and people watching Embarcadero Saturday ket was lots of fun for art crafts food Ghirardelli Square wasnt worth the effort except the exercise getting there.Coming from a beautiful clean friendly little city in Idaho I was surprised by the friendly attitudes of most everyone I came in contact with in SF. It was clean safe colorful and I hope to return very soon	
   	Location Location Location	Hubby and I stayed here with another couple for a quick -day get away. Value rating is based on Hotwire rates. We were within walking distance to ATampT Park and all modes of transportation BART MUNI F-Line Trolley cabs. There was a Starbucks right across the street an added bonus for us caffeine fiends as well as a deli next door a couple bakeries around the corner and CPK across the street. Drug store and - also within walking distance for last minute needs.We were on the th floor so some sirens could be heard occasionally but nothing that interrupted our sleep. The room was clean and the bed quotHeavenlyquot. Bathroom amenities were high quality. The staff at the front desk were helpful and nice guiding us out-of-towners on the best ways to get where we wanted to go.We will be back	
   	Excelent Beautiful recently reated hotel in a terrific location	My wife and I took a weekend getaway to San Fran on   I found this  star hotel in Hotwire and bought it without knowing which it was so it was a pleasant surprise that it was a Westin but there are many Westins... when we arrived we were amazed to know which one was it the hotel is centrally located in the Financial District on ket street. We were within waking distance from Union Square and Chinatown we were across the street from the Moscone center and the Yerbabuena gardens and also a few blocks from the cable cars as well lots of other attractions. But the best part was our room and the hotel premises. We were on the th floor with a terrific view to the Financial district to my favorite the Hobbart Building. The room was recently reated with flat panel TV new bedding drapes carpet furniture it looked like it was never used before. The staff is professional and friendly and this is a big city . And I could get a great rate from Hotwire about  dlls per night where hotels cost btw  and  a night. We didnt dine in the restaurant but it seems to be pretty popular.	
   	Really a nice deal	We stayed there  nights and it was really nice.The bed was awesome a large TV is available etc..The hotel is really in a busy place you can do shopping around ket Street or go at the ATampT stadium to see a baseball play without having to move your car.Unless you really want to spend  a day dont use the valet parking and just use one of the many public parkings there are within walking distance where you will spend  a day.The only drawback  Internet is not complementary and will cost you   day	
   	clean comfortable calm and well-located	We enjoyed our stay. Clean hotel and room. Very accommodating reception desk. Comfortable bed. Nice basic nature natural or. Got a deal through the internet for less than  a night. One young male concierge seems stuck on himself and another failed to call me back. Other than that we were very happy with our stay.	
   	Great value - Go to Westin website	Great hotel. Great summer value Walls were thin and neighbors were noisy all night Rooms are clean and location of downtown is excellent for cable cars and city transportation. Great pizza across the street. Restaurant too expensive. Close to ball park. . . there for the no-hitter	
   	Lovely	Nelson at the front desk was very welcoming. The staff was excellent and the room was spacious fresh and well stocked with the standard amenities. The view of the SFMOMA Yerba Buena and other city landks was gorgeous. Room service was very prompt and the food breakfast was good. Very convenient to SFMOMA other museums and Union Square.	
   	Good Service and Nice People	We liked the location of the hotel. The prices were reasonable the service was good and the room were nice. I really liked how close it was to Union Sqaure and SF Musuem of Modern Art. We would definitely stay again.	
   	great hotel great location	Myself my husband and our  year old dhter stayed in this hotel for  nights in y...it was lovely great location minutes walk from union square and the cable car  a highlight but queue at bottom of union square for a good seat large room with great view of the streets elegant lobby nice bar and helpful concierage.....Didnt like the fact you had to pay for internet access on your laptop though..It has a californian pizza kitchen accross the street and a Starbucks too...Booked it on Hotels.com for euro for roomrate..	
   	Excellent Location San Francisco in general is great	The service in general was good however the food restaurants could e improved both quality of food but specially the service The room was good in general the service was good too and the views from the top floors were absolutely incredible The location was perfect right next to Union Square Amenities were ok but i think it could use with a pool or spa. Anyways in general the hotel was pretty good and you can reach all you need to see from the hotels location.	
   	Just the ticket great location for the right rice Ill be back	The hotel is a fab location and very close to coffee shops and shopping. Check-in was quick given that we arrived at .pm but no questions asked straight to our room. We were on the th floor says he who is not great on heights and had an amazing view of the convention centre and gardens. The room had  queen’s as booked and my only complaint with the room was the th pillow on both beds were dirty from previous guests and never changed during our stay. Other than that the staff were great the Valet was very expensive and because I had an SUV they charged me an extra  a day which when added to the  parking to make it  a day this was a rip off. We stayed  nights and the car . Overall I would not think twice tell anyone business individuals or family’s to choose this hotel – it’s great for San Fran standards.	
   	Great Location Great Service	The hotel is a great location close to coffee shops convenience stores and shopping. Check-in was quick and our room on the th floor had a great view of the convention center and gardens. The car valte takes a bit of time to come around and is night. The health club is well-equipped and very well air-conditioned. Room service was quick and tasty large portions. We had the breakfast buffet one morning and the price is around  a person but you have plenty of options to choose from. The only word of caution would be the showers which can be very slick and there is no bath mat provided. If you would like to test your bone density its a great idea to hop in and out of the showers. The bathrooms are nicely appointed.Overall a great stay. I would definitely stay here again next time I am in the area.	
   	Great value and service	Had an awesome stay at the hotel. staff was great .. room was big and clean got comp upgrade to King bed as well on a high floor They have floor to ceiling windows ... and the view from the room was amazing  Deff recommend this hotel ... ohh and must visit the Ducca restaurant for its mouth watering appitizer quotaurichiniquot 	
  	Awesome Stay	we stayed for  days and it was the best stay from all of the hotels we stayed in worth the money it had a big bathroom good bedroom great view and the service was really good. The location was near alot of things not near cable cars. I recommend you stay here	
   	Great Hotel Great Location Incredible Front Desk Manager - Eric Pasch	I am SPG Platinum member so it is always nice to get an upgraded room and amenities from some of the Starwood hotels I frequent. There are Starwood hotels that really want your business and go out of their way to treat you nice happily the majority of them I have encountered and then there are those hotels that do not. This Westin run my Eric Pasch is simply one of the great hotels that really cares about the SPG members and I applaud Eric for running his front desk with such devotion for Starwoods gold  platinum members Besides arranging an incredible suite upgrade for me Eric took the time to hand pick for me what he considered to be the finest Chinese restaurant in the city within walking distance from the hotel. Eric was quotright onquot with his fabulous selection This Westin is perfectly located in the center of SF with easy access to most attractions. I also have the following comments about the hotel  My windows were the absolute cleanest windows I have ever had in a hotel - my son took incredible photos from the room and commented that he had never seen since clean hotel room windows  The bathroom was incrediblly clean and well stocked with towels etc.  The bed  linens were soft fresh and clean - just as you would want from a Westin  the price of roughly night was a down right quotstealquot for downtown SF  The Italian restaurant in the hotel looked really neat - if I had another night there I would have loved to dine in the Venetian style restaurant  the entire staff was friendly at the hotel. Once again I want to personally thank Eric Pasch for my incredible experience at this hotel and i truly hope to be back very very soon	
   	Westin Say It Aint So	This hotel must not be corporate managed hence I ask the question quotWestin say it aint soquot Mouse traps outside the building Gross We are locals and thought is was a great location and probably has great views for our out-of-town guests. With a name like Westin you would have never thought the windows were covered with a heavy film of  month old dirt I heard the housekeeper telling another that she was ill from the cafeteria food...I believe it I had flies in my salad Not to mention the service in Ducca was slow and not friendly Now I understand why my rates were under  in San Francisco. Westin you might want to reconsider or retrain this property. I just stayed in Costa Mesa amp Seattle...wonderful properties	
   	Elevator can be heard in all rooms in center of hotel	If you stay in a room near the elevator you will hear it all night. I dont mean I think I heard something. I mean I hear it over the TV at middle volume.I think it is a converted Motel 	
   	Great hotel and location	I did quite a bit of research on San Francisco hotels and neighborhoods before submitting a bid on Priceline. My work paid off because the Westin was a very nice place to stay in a good location in the city. For % off the rack rate it was a great bargain.When I arrived I asked to change my room type and my request was granted. I was nervous when I saw that my room was next to the elevator but unlike other reviewers I had no problem with the elevator sounds at all. It was slight background noise and it wasnt bad at all. At other hotels youd be lucky if the street noise was as tolerable. I hate noisy hotels and I found this hotel to be very quiet over four nights.The room had a simple yet modern look with a huge window with great views. It was perfectly clean. The beds were wonderful. Often I dislike the super comfy hotel beds but the Westin beds were perfect. The bathroom was clean and a nice size as well.The hotel location was ideal. Its close to BART MUNI lines and the cable cars. There are many restaurants and coffee shops nearby. Its a nice place to escape the tourist areas even if you are a tourist.	
   	Great Hotel Great Location	We stayed at West Inn ket Street for four nights and were upgraded to aroom that had a fabulous view over San Francisco.The hotel itself is very attractive inside and has a lovely outside bararea at the back of the hotel which overlooks a park area.The staff are extremely friendly and helpful pointing out key places tovisiteat etcThe hotel is a great base for transport links and is only a five minutewalk to Union Square and the shops.We would definitely recommend this hotel as a good base to explore thecity.	
   	Awesome hotel in a great location.	Just returned from three days in SF. Stayed y -. Found great rate of niteny-nine dollars on hotels website two days prior. Two queen beds. The hotel is very clean the beds are great. We parked across the street for twenty dollars a day. Got the three day muni pass and visited Alcatraz Golden Gate China Town and of course the Wharf. Easy access to public transportation. Short walk to Powell and ket to ride the cable car. No complaints about the hotel. Staff is very friendly and helpful. Would definitely stay again for the price.	
   	everything you might expect	Before we arrived I noted that the parking fee is  a night. So we found parking on the street which was free because it was a holiday backed up against a Sunday. My backup plan was to go to a nearby garage that had good reviews.There was a short wait at the check-in. The lady at the counter was friendly polite and courteous. I changed my room configuration without a problem. We checked a little over an hour before check-in time. It was pm I asked for a late checkout and she said that we could stay until pm without extra charge.After we checked in I called the front desk and requested a couple of robes and also some shaving cream. The robes shaving cream and a shaver came up within  minutes.Our room was clean and nice and the bathroom was fine. The shower pressure was okay and the heat was fine too. Our window was somewhat close to some fans outside on the roof below. we were on the th floor The fans were audible from the window but not over by the bed. I had requested a room away from the elevator and ice machine and there were no noise issues.The bed was comfortable. We used the mini-bar as a fridge and the lady at the front desk said they didnt have microwaves.The next day we checked out through the TV which was reasonably convenient although I wasnt able to use the keyboard to type in my email address for the receipt. Instead I had to use the direction keys on the remote. skip that option if youre in a hurry We left the keys and we were off.All together we were very happy with the experience. I give it  stars for value because the normal prices are not reasonable. However we found it on priceline for  so that wasnt an issue for us this time.	
   	Great	Quick stay it was just great.In the heart of San Francisco. Very nice staff. Not a single problem worth notice.	
   	Nice location typical Westin	I had booked via Hotwire for one Saturday night for . When I called the hotel a couple days prior to confirm the room the desk staff could not guarantee a king bed but noted there were plenty of king rooms available.We checked in very late and were told we were in a queen room. I requested a king but was told we had been given the last room available. My husband commented to the front desk clerk that he is a Starwood Gold member upon which the front desk clerk disappeared to the back for a couple minutes. When he returned he upgraded us to a king room and suggested we book directly with the hotel instead of using a rd party such as Hotwire next time to guarantee a better room. Of course we realized that already. In bidding on Hotwire I had been hoping for another hotel and ended up with the Westin. We stay at Westins often so it would have been interesting to have ended up someplace else.The room was on a corner and had amazing views. The or was typical Westin except it was odd that the room lacked a sofaloveseat--instead it had two dining chairs which was awkward. The bathroom was ridiculously small and they should replace the hinged door with a pocket door. Thank goodness the sink was outside the toiletshower area or we never would have been able to get readyThis was also the first Westin Ive stayed in where there were no robes in the closet. be they have arate rooms for the Hotwire guests vs. the guests that book directly with the hotelParking in San Francisco is expensive and this hotel is no exception.  per night. If you dont need a car utilize public transit while in the city.The hotel is located in Union Square where there is shopping and restaurants within walking distance. Note that it is in the city so expect to hear traffic and sirens associated with the hustle and bustle of the area while you are in your room.	
   	Lovely hotel great location effortless service - a big thumbs up	Loved this hotel. The check in was swift the room was very clean and stylishly orated. Room service was prompt and staff were extremely helpful. Location was perfect for all of the city attractions. Only one minor negative - the internet was  per  hour period which is extremely expensive But other than this minor quibble the hotel was superb. A big thumbs up here.	
   	Fantastic rooms good location snooty bar staff	Lovely contemporary rooms comfy beds and quality bed linens good location but snooty bar staff who couldnt be bothered to serve you and who shut the bar whenever they felt like it rather than at the alloted time regardless of how many patrons were still in the bar. San Francisco is a cosmopolitan city but this kind of service doesnt fit with that image. This hotel could take a few lessons in service and style from its European counterparts. If there is a deal on stay there if not there are plenty of other comparable hotels with better service.	
   	Our recent stay at Westin ket St	Hi we have just returned from a  week stay at this hotel. We were very pleased with the hotel. It is in a great location for all the major tourist attractions. We booked a King room and were upgraded to a twin queen room at no extra cost. The room was a good size but the bathroom was a little compact but perfectly functional. This hotel would suit all guests. The hotel is just behind the Yerba Buena gardens where there are open concerts it is also a great place to enjoy the weather. I booked through Expedia and got a good deal. Staff are generally helpful especially the Concierges. Had a few language problems with the bellboys. Didnt try the restaurant.	
   	Great views from a great hotel	We stayed here  nights and were upgraded upon arrival to a room with a great view of the city. We got a great deal over the internet and it exceeded our expectations. The location is ideal for accessing many of the citys tourist destinations. Park across the street for better rates day but no inout privileges. While internet access isnt free through the hotel there are several open and strong networks that you can use.A great casual bar called Daves right across the street	
   	Clean tidy and a fantastic view	Stayed here while attending the Apple WWDC conference had room on th floor rd from top floor. Room was nice and spacious and nicely furnished. Bed was fantastic view even better - i was able to see Union square GG bridge Bay bridge and Alcatraz from the floor to ceiling window...Bathroom nice but not outstanding I am quot and had to bend down to get head under shower but apart from that everything was fine. All extras in room including ironsafequot TV Starbucks coffee machine. Internet a little pricy at day - it still amazes me that internet access is charged for when you stay at most of these hotels... Was overall very happy with the hotel and staff were friendly also.	
   	nice room convenient location shame abotu the noise	The Westin ket St is in a great location for those wishign to explore the city. I was able to get the room for  on hotwire which seemed very good for San Fran.Easy access to the trams and trolley down to fishermans warf or the Castro.The room was quite large bathroom was well designed and also quite large. Enjoyed the big LCD TV and the ability to request a mini fridge for the room to store some drinks etc. Not sure how Westin can have such comfy beds but loved it The only complaint I have about the hotel is the lack of double glazing on the windows. The traffic noise was usually not an issue but fire trucks and ambulances seemed to go past the hotel regularly with sirens blazing.	
   	wonderful staff. Upgraded as a great surprise.	Beds and linens were amazing. We had a corner room with a King Sized bed which we could have spent hours in. True luxury. Only complaint no robes.	
   	Great room great service	My wife and I stayed here on a saturday night. We found the service to be excellent whether it was the front desk the phone operators or the valets. All were extremely prompt and polite. The bed was fantastic and the room spacious clean and quiet.We were part of a group of about  rooms and everyone had positive things to say about including my friend who went to get in an elevator and found a couple having sex in it. Good times.We paid  for the room and as written previously the valet service was pretty outrageous  with tax. I too thought that  for internet service was a bit much.For  a night Id go back in a heartbeat.	
   	Beautiful Hotel	Great views from the th floor Excellent daily cleaning service - courteous polite helpful friendly. Beautiful lobby amp seating areas. Comfy bed. Dont like paying day for internet. Room price was ok. Went for a group conference then spent a few days with spouse touring San Francisco.	
   	Upscale but small room	We stayed at this hotel for one night celebrate a very special anniversary at a very low rate . Parking at the Westin is prohibitively expensive  per day so its best to park elsewhere. We found the lobby to be mod and cold. We had difficulty opening the door of our room with the card key because the handle should be turned UP to open not down. When we finally got into our standard room we found a very small room that was dominated by the large bed. The Westin advertises quotSpacious roomsquot we totally disagree with a quotHeavenly bedquot we totally agree. The pillowtop mattress was wonderful. There was a flat screen TV perhaps  inches but you had to sit on the SIDE of the bed to watch it. There were NO chairs other than a desk chair. The configuration of the room was weird.	
   	Absolutely stunning views and great quality for the 	Okay right up front I should let you know that we stayed on the top floor with a corner room so we had  degree views. The view was simply ridiculous We lived in the city for a number of years and we never saw anything like it. On one clear day we saw all the way to Alcatraz.The room was small but we didnt mind would have liked to know that there would be no bath just a shower but the view was worth it I had read reviews from others that said they had terrible rooms because they booked on Priceline but we did not have that problem. Yes we booked with Priceline found out that it was actually cheaper to book directly with the hotel California residents get an extra % off and when we called Priceline about the price discrepancy...we actually got a refund for the difference. I was shockedAnyhow we specifically wanted a SOMA location to be away from the craziness of Union Square and this hotel really was convenient to all the big destinations of the city. Also public transport is nearby if you need to get around...we took Bart from SFO and it was a breeze. Although I wouldnt recommend from OAK we did that once and it was painful.The rooms are modern amenities are a bit frugal but a housekeeper was happy to give us whatever we needed. There is Starbucks coffee and Tazo Tea in the room for a quick one cup in the AM. Everyone we encountered was extremely pleasant and the valet even allowed our friends in park their car in the lobby while they came up to our room without any attitude.We have stayed at the Hilton near the Embarcardero a bit dated and the Mandarin Oriental exquisite but in the business district and very pricey and this fell somewhere in between. I wouldnt call this Westin property luxury necessarily but we really were satisfied with our stay since we didnt spend a whole lot of time in the room. Also we didnt partake in room service or the hotel restaurant but this is San Francisco...there were too many great places to eatWe would absolutely return	
   	really nice hotel in a good location	good location cozy room shopping store surrandeda little bitter noisy	
   	Nice location and clean but small rooms and service lacking	We stayed three nights Thursday to Sunday at a very good rate. However after booking on indirectly through expedia we were put in a triangle room king bed which was modern and clean but small and awkward. Also during check-in the front desk staff were not very helpful and were annoyed that we were arriving prior to check-in. Also upon leaving the concierge tried to put is in a waiting limo for  when I specifically just told him that I wanted to take a cab to the airport approx  incl. tip. Wonder if the limo is owned by the hotel or the hotel receives commission. Other than those comments the hotel was in a great location Union Square and transportation to everything else was a few minutes walking distance. Room service was excellent.	
   	Fantastic location fantastic hotel	Great hotel. Great location. Staff was friendly...room was beautiful...great view.	
   	Nice and Great Value but Small Rooms	We paid  for a standard room on a Saturday night--fabulous Clean awesome location safe and convenient to everything. So everything else is sort of secondary. OK so... We got upgraded to a quotspacious deluxequot room for no extra charge and were so excited but when we opened the door we thought be we were in the wrong room. So tight Not even sure the bed was king size. The bathroom door cleared the toilet by about a quarter inch and for the quotfloor-to-ceilingquot windows they dont tell you that the ceiling above the bed is only about be  feet high to start with then theres some sort of built in overhang that lowers the ceiling over the window to about  feet. On the plus side The bed was super comfortable very soft sheets and the in-room coffee and tea were awesome. Plus we requested a fridge bathrobes and slippers for no extra charge. Awesome TV. Also the front desk was really nice and gave us a pm checkout bc we overslept. Minuses A prom and some other sort of young event downstairs so lots of teens in the lobby a few standing around drinking out of red plastic cups. Second the quotsweeping viewquot in our deluxe room on the th floor was the office building across the street. Then theres the small size of the rooms ours was be  x   small closet and bathroom and also the fact that although there was an advertised  rate I had to call the  number to get it bc it wasnt available online. And the rep told me that because it says rates quotFROMquot  they do not always actually have that rate available. Bait-n-switch or false advertising take your pick.Overall we were pretty comfortable bc we didnt need too much space and it really is an awesome value but I definitely felt like this hotel touts itself as a lot more luxurious than it actually is.	
   	Westin SF Great Location great hotel....	We stayed at the Westin SF ket Street over Memorial Day weekend. The hotel itself is very clean and conveniently located near Union Square and the Financial District. Its a  minute walk to the Montgomery Street BART station. No need to get a taxi as the BART was readily available to access to and from the hotel. The beds were comfortable and the room was clean. Parking at the hotel is expensive about  per night. We didnt eat at the hotel since theres so many other options to explore around the area especially in Union Square which is only a five minute walk away. Our first day we walked all through Union Square through Chinatown to Fishermans Wharf. from the hotel. SF is a walking city. This hotel is located in a great easily accessible location. My only gripe was that they charge you for Wi-Fi. Other hotels give you Wifi access for free....	
   	rooms are new and clean	stayed for  nights the location is great close to the Bart and Muni lines. Watch out for parking they charge night right next to the hotel down the ally is city parking for day but closes at pm and reopens at am but I didnt need my car.	
   	Great Location Comfortable...Great Price	My husband I ided to go to San Francisco very last minute and I suprisingly got this hotel for nt. What a deal for a Westin I thought...there is a catch though. If you are driving there is no self park you must valet for nt. However for nt this hotel was still a great deal. Besides that I found that parking in San Franscico in general is just very expensive. Upon arrival the staff were very cordial and we even got upgraded to a corner room with a view of the city.ProsLocation street car accessHeavenly BedsView of the cityStaff hospitalityConsRoom a bit small.Smoke detector went off every time we ironed our clothes.No swimming poolOverall I loved this hotel and would definitely stay here again.	
   	Great business hotel	Fantastic hotel for a business trip. Quiet very sharp incredibly comfortable one of the most comfy beds I think Ive ever slept in Highly recommended.	
   	Great hotel in a great location	This is a great hotel in the heart of SF. Located right on ket its very conveniently located to just about anywhere you want to go in SF downtown. I didnt get a chance to check ou t the gym or Ducca their restaurant but the staff or room and everything was great. My only complaint is with the service at the front desk. After checking out my gf has left her sunglasses in the room. We went back in  minutes and asked them to look into it. It took them  minutes to locate the glasses even though we just checked out  minutes ago. Id expect better service from the front staff. Overall I had a great time staying here and would not mind coming back.	
   	Nice Hotel	I found the hotel to be modern and good with a friendly staff. My room was nice and clean with a view of the gardens. The hotel is not far from curtain locations The Museum of Modern Art is just down the block down Union Square is two blocks away and etc. The is Bart is near by Montgomery Station and the F line trolly bus goes up and down ket Street to Fishermans Wharf. One draw back there are no immediate outside restaurants by the hotel. You can find Calif Pizza Subway Starbucks and a couple of small cafes by the bart. The area is pretty much office buildings with other near by hotels Fours Season and W.	
   	What youd expect from a Westin	Good hotel nothing groundbreaking nice lobby. Room was good wine glasses and bottle opener in room. Room service were quick and even took away a tray that was across from our door. Long waits calling the front desk. pm check out was given. Small bathroom. View was good from the st floor. Church bells were loud in the morning even up on .	
   	Okay	We spent  days of spring break at the Westin ket Street with our teenager pre-teenager and  year old on the rd floor. I compared it with MANY hotels and ided it was the best deal in a very safe location. It couldnt compare with the Westin St. Francis which promises to make your children feel welcome wecome pkg etc.. There is not a speck of personal service or attention here. I have always thought of the Westin as a nice hotel and this trip changed my mind. It falls under the riott. I will admit that I stayed in a Hampton Inn overnight on a road trip once and the room amp service was as nice or nicer than this. Our children are the quietest most well-behaved children per others and they said they didnt feel welcome there and actually complained when we pulled into the Westin SF Airport on our last night. Luckily we spent most of our time out of our room because it was nothing special and not as nice as our home. The floors were also pretty dirty. The quotlargequot windows were not as large as most hotels where Ive stayed and the view was bad...and I am a Starwood member which obviously means nothing. We also had  charges that were not ours but they took them off without question and very nicely...they were so obviously not our charges. Room service breakfast was also speedy and friendly. You also have to ask for toiletries. Typically one would find a shower cap and body soap but the rooms are only stocked with shampoo and hand soap - nothing more. The recession has hit the hotels Our room did NOT have the heavenly beds either. They were not great actually we know heavenly beds and did have them following our stay when we went to the airport Westin and the difference is discernable. I cant imagine we just got a bad room.Do not take restaurant recommendations from the concierge do your own homework We had a restaurant picked out and the concierge told us she knew of a better one. We should have been clued in when she gave us a post it to give the owner with his name and her full name on it. It wasnt very good and was filled with tourists. Not a single ethnic person in a Chinatown restaurant It was not good and she was obviously getting a kickback from them. I believe in the form of chinese takeout We were unhappy.All in all if you can get a cheap room and do not want anyone to talk to you from the hotel stay here. If you want to feel welcome in a strange city look elsewhere. be Im spoiled but it would have been nice for the kids to at least get a chocolate on their pillows.	
   	Great girls night in SF with help from Westin.	As maid of honor for my best friends wedding I was in charge of planning her bachelorette party. Most of us live in the SF Bay Area so a night in San Francisco made the most sense. I did a ent amount of searching online for a hotel in the Union SquareSOMA area and the Westin ended up being the best bang for the buck. Newly reated upscale roomshotel convenient to a lot of locations in the city.Booked through Expedia we checked in and had no problems. I think we were on the sixth floor. View was OK ... could see some street below but also the roof of bldg etc. Room was nicely lighted everything appeared clean good bathroom beds etc. Felt comfortable in the room.The lobby itself was just OK but Id rather the lobby be dull and the rest of the hotel be nice. I hate when you stay at a hotel will a fancy lobby and crummy rooms -- eiving. Id rather be pleasantly surprised upstairs. After dinner at Shanghai  near EmbarcaderoSOMA area we came back to the hotel bar for drinks. This bar is really cool We loved the black and red room with the circular couchseating area and the awesome chandelier. We felt very posh coming here for drinks before going back out for drinks later.Hard to comment on service as we were only there for one night. But the woman at the reservation desk was just fine and the bartender was friendlynice. Location is walking distance to Union Square plus super close to Museum of Modern Art Metreon Yerba Buena Center etc. A couple blocks from both Montgomery amp Powell BART stations so no parking necessary	
   	Do Not Stay Here	We booked this hotel direct. We were told adjoining rooms would be no problem as we were traveling with two children. We understood it was a request. When we arrived not only did we not have adjoining rooms we were told we would be on different floors. The person checking us in asked for my credit card even though we had booked a pre-paid room rate. He then told me my card was denied. Not true. While I called my credit card company my husband asked to speak to the manager.  minutes later we were still standing there waiting. We ended up moving to a different hotel not a Westin. The people here are rude and unhelpful. We were very disapointed as we have stayed with Westin NYC before and loved it.	
   	Very Zen at the Westin.	The location is great. Walking distance to ket street and all the downtown stores. The rooms are large. Modern furnishings and plasma TV. Beds are very comfortable. Stayed on th floor in Starwood Member room so the view was great overlooking the Ghery Museum amp Yerba Buena Gardens.	
   	Reservation not honoured	I booked this hotel through Expedia and when I got there at two in the morning there was a line of six people in front of me and only one person in the front desk. Nobody in line was able to stay at the hotel that night. They didnt honour the reservations. I had asked for a late check in and they said yes we noted that but its not just you the hotel cant take more guests tonight. So they provided us with another hotel and the next day we had to check out from that hotel before noon and to check in in the Westin after  pm. I mean theyve just ruined the first night of your trip and also the next day you spend it unpacking packing and comuting. I couldnt believe what was happening really. They said there was going to be a refund for that night through my credit card but that was a lie it hasnt happened and Im sure they just tell you that so you rest assured. The guy in the front desk was mocking in a polite way if you know what I mean and it was obvious he does that everyday he is used to angry customers but doesnt care. He does nothing to make you feel better.	
   	Great for business and leisure	Compared to many other hotels I stayed on my California business trip this hotel is a really good value Good location quiet nice staff clean rooms good office chairs to get your work done. The only negative for me was high WiFi prices but you might have a PC card and that the staff ignored my sign at the door not to bother me on a Sunday. They just woke up everybody on the floor at  AM = mean	
   	Comfortable - Reasonably priced - Centrally located	Westin ket Street was booked for a days business trip. Clean spacious standard room with comfy bed matress and large TFT television. It is centrally located and close to the financial district Union Square and shopping centers Macys Bloomingdales Saks th Guess Apple store etc. Well everything in San Fransisco is within  minutes drive from this hotel. Two minor comments concern the fact that despite being a member of the Starwood Preferred Guest SPG program I was not offered an upgrade as the charming brunette that was in our group of colleagues. Also room supplies were not refilledreplaced on a daily basis therefore I run-out of shampoo and coffee which  be minor but is disturbing. Nevertheless I had a pleasant stay in this hotel and the corporate rate was great value for money.	
   	Nice hotel great location	I have stayed at the Westin on two trips now. I really like the hotel and the location in the city . I had a view of a nice green space art park in the city and the coast from my window on the th floor. I would recommend this hotel. I would suggest getting two queens rather than a king bed room seemed much bigger with two queens.	
   	Great central location good hotel	The Westin is in a great location close to shops and restaurants. Our room was fine but the bathroom was tiny. The room had a big window with great views which made the room feel a bit bigger. The bed was very comfortable.Staff here are very friendly and the concierge facility is excellent - one of the best I have seen in any hotel - they were friendly helpful and knowledgable.Our first night here was a Saturday and having tried several restaurants in the area for dinner they were all full we ended up back at the hotel restaurant for dinner - the food was excellent - first class. I would to totally recommend eating here. The bar area is also really good and the bar staff very friendly.Parking is outrageous -  per day	
   	Great value good location	I had a standard room with two queen beds on the th floor. The view was a city view but the view would have been nicer if the outside of the window was cleaned. I could make out half of Alcatraz island and half of the Bay bridge. I easily booked the room for  per night on Westins website. The bedspillows were very comfortable. The TV was very large for a hotel room which was great. The bathroom wasnt fancy but clean and easy to get around and use. The overnight valet parking is  per night but I parked behind the hotel in an attended public parking garage for  per night note they are closed from pm to am so you need to get your car parked inside before pm if you want to save on the hotels valet parking. My wife and I ordered room service and the food was good. BART is nearby as well as ket Street and Union Square is a quick walk away. Only complaint was that our room was next to the elevator shaft and we could hear the elevators go up and down thru the wall adjoining the shaft.	
   	Exceeded my expectations	I normally stay at the Mandarin Hotel in San Francisco but was attending a convention at the Moscone Center and so I stayed at the Westin which is about  blocks away from the center. I was thoroughly impressed. It has a great feel like other top-rate hotels. The room was a bit smaller than the Mandarin but well furnished.	
   	Good hotel great view and central location	I stayed at the westin with my husband during a quick visit to SF. We booked this hotel through hotels.com and were happy with our stay. We had initially booked a standard King room but when we got there and asked for a room with a view they gave us a deluxe double queen room with a view. It was close to the elevator so we could hear it going up and down but that didnt bother us too much since we are deep sleepers Our room didnt have a safe so we did end up leaving out laptop etc with the Bellman.The location was great since it was central to everything including the BART which we took to and from the SFO airport.The hotel offers parking which is night with in and out privileges. We were able to find street parking for the night which cost us nothing. You just need to pay attention to the street cleaning signs and parking meter rules. Overall an excellent hotel with a great view.	
   	Nice hotel but some rude staff who spoil it for the other really nice staff	Good location nice hotel but on initial first interaction with receptionist I found her very rude and abrupt. Customer service is a big part for me so if I hadnt been travelling all day I would have just left. However after chatting with my boyfriend I went back to book and managed to get a different receptionist - Ginnifer - who was the complete opposite - very helpful and pleasant. We got a nice room with a good view of the city but unfortunately we woke every morning with really sore throats from the air conditioning which we couldnt turn off and there are no windows to open to let some fresh air in. I really liked the floor to ceiling windows though. Apart from the aforementioned the  night stay was good enough but what really put a downer on the whole thing was the bell boys having a go at us as we were leaving because we went ahead and used their trolleys that were outside our room to transport our luggage into the taxi. They were annoyed we didnt use their services but frankly we did not have time to wait for them to get to the th floor as we were in a rush to get to the airport.	
   	Great Rooms	The rooms at the Westin are very relaxing and clean. The new LCD TVs mounted on the walls really transport you to another level of comfort. The only downside would be the  for valet per night. When I asked the Bell Man said there were no other places to park your out of luck.	
   	Fabulous	I cannot say enough about this hotel from customer service to ammenities to location. It is fantastic for a business stay andor a leisure. Having visited SF about  times Im familiar with the hotels in the area and enjoy Starwood but this was my best experience. The staff ensured a comfortable stay and the room was spacious while affording great views of the city. I was on the top floor and had a magnificent panoramic view of the bay - a rare treat. I dined at the restaurant and though pricey it served a great breakfast with an attentive staff that was quick to respond to requests but not quick to shove you out the door. Overall you would be hard-pressed to find a better establishment for the level of comfort in its same price range.	
   	Not the best in town but a good value.	The Westin isnt a Ritz or a Four Seasons so dont get your hopes up for that level of service and plushness. It is clean has large rooms the tradeked heavenly beds an efficient staff full services a workout room and a good location near the shops of Union Square the mall and Yuerba Buena Gardens. Yes the windows do need cleaning as one other person wrote and Im not pleased with the tub-style bathroom when they have enough room to make this bath larger with a arate showershower only facility but I have an overall good impression of the hotel and feel it is very good value at  per night for our standard room Didnt like having to pay for Internet access--major complaint.	
   	Not as bad as some of the review say...	Granted I stayed at the Westin almost two years ago...but I stayed here for a full week and overall had a great experience. Yes the rooms are odd-shaped and pretty tiny...and its pretty scary to look out the huge floor to ceiling windows down at the street below I was wayyyyyyy up there but the bed sheets and comforter were SO comfy I had a hard time pulling myself out of bed even during the day. Id love to find out where Westin gets their bedding bc it is some of the best around. Bathroom was very clean...always a plus The hotel is in a great location and the downstairs bar isnt too bad dark and lounge-y. Wasnt a huge fan of San Fran but if I went back Id definitely stay here again.	
   	Very good choice on ket St near the Financial district	Stayed for one night on a quick business trip to San Fran. The property is more than adequate - good location between two Bart stops a block away from ket St. with a Starbucks and Calif. Pizza Kitchen across the street.  ent bar with a surprisingly good wine-by-the-glass selection only problem is the bar seemed to close early despite a conference on the property and the kitchen closed at pm about  minutes before I got there. The only other option was room service.  My room was large however oddly shaped. Small bathroom and tiny closet but perfectly comfortable for my purposes.   I have no problem recommending it - but of course if youre looking for something more hip and trendy or for something more evocative of local San Fran culture I guess there are better options. This is just a solid business choice and if you can score something below  a night definitely go for it.	
   	Fairly Standard Westin Hotel	We had a room on a high floor with  double beds facing towards ket Street. The first thing I noticed was that the outside of the window was filthy but then I suppose it can be difficult to keep them clean all the time. The bathroom was on the small side and despite the room having  people the maid only left  set of toiletries.The sprinkler in the room made an annoying sound which made it difficult to get to sleep although it did not annoy us enough to request another room.As you would expect there are tea amp coffee facilities in the room and there is a large flat-screen TV with over  channels available.The location was excellent - a  minute walk from an underground  metro station and another  minute walk to Union Square. There is a California Pizza Kitchen directly opposite the hotel entrance which had good food at reasonable prices. Certainly much cheaper than the over-priced food inside the hotel	
  	Not a Pleasant Stay	We traveled around the U.S from Australia staying at  star hotels booked using a mixture of Priceline Hotwire and hotel chain corporate websites. All but this one were fantastic. This one was a disappointment.We arrived from New York on   after a delayed flight and were so tired that we did not check the room.As I tried to get to sleep I kept hearing a noise that I put down to the cable cars outside on Powell Street. At am I realised that the noise was not the cable car but the elevator and our room was directly behind the elevator shaft On thinking back to the checkin I remembered the woman behind the desk grimacing when she saw what room she was giving us and a slight look of panic as she handed us the room keys.At am after getting no sleep I rang down to the front lobby to get a change of room as we were staying  nights and the room was too noisy. The clerk on the front desk asked what room I was in. I told him and he said he understood perfectly. He told me we could go to  and I should come down to reception to get the keys. After packing our bags and moving them to outside  at the other end of the hotel I went down to the lobby to drop off the old keys and pick up the new ones.I asked the clerk if  was next to an ice machine stairs elevator etc and he said quotI wouldnt do that to you brother. Ill just make surequot.He opened a drawer and consulted a sheet of paper which I guess contained all the Priceline rooms. It took him  minutes of consulting the computer and the sheet of paper before giving me the keys to room  two rooms from the first room . So I went back up to the th floor told my partner that we had to move the bags back to the other end of the hotel. I wondered what was wrong with .So after carrying our bags all the way back to the other end of the hotel I opened the door to  to find the new room was a lot smaller than the first one and we had been downgraded from a king-size bed to a queen. I rang the front desk again and was told that I was given a standard room with a queen bed and the only standard rooms with a king size bed were next to the elevator shaft.I am quot tall and am used to sleeping in a king sized bed but having had no sleep that night I resigned ourselves to this room. The room did not appear that clean- it looked like it had not been vacuumed in quite a while there was visible dust and the bath looked like it had not been cleaned with a creme cleanser in a while. Little did I know this was just the start of our hygiene problems.On New Years Eve the th floor rooms started filling up with what appeared to be frat aged guests. The hotel was hosting a New Years party and the atmosphere became quite lively which I enjoyed.In the early morning we stepped out of our room to go on a tour to find a pool of vomit just outside our neighbors door. A few more yards along another pool of vomit and then another one just outside the elevator. I thought I should mention this to the front desk as it would be hours before the housemaids would be coming around. With the smell still in my nostrils I mentioned this to the woman behind the front desk. She did not look surprised and asked if we would like another room. I said no as I had already been moved and I was just mentioning this as it should be cleaned up as soon as possible. I told her where the vomit was.She consulted her computer. After a few seconds she said quotPricelinequot to herself out loud without looking at me and opened a drawer. She removed a couple of complementary coffee coupons from the drawer and asked if could she offer me them in apology. I said no thank you but felt quite insulted by her manner. First of all a coffee costs c to produce and secondly she categorized me by the fact I was a Priceline customer.When we returned to the room that evening the quotsolidquot bits of the vomit had been cleaned up but the smell and stains were still there. I rang the quotExpress Servicequot number and mentioned it to them. Two hours later after no action I asked one of the housemaids cleaning a room next door late checkout to address it. The stain outside my room was shampooed but not the others. Is quotExpress Servicequot an oxymoron at WestinIn our travels around the U.S we used a mix of Priceline Hotwire and hotel chain websites to get good value rates. In comparison to to other hotel chains where I received excellent service and value for money I dont think I can recommend Westin either for this hotel or their approach to service.On the plus side the hotel is the oldest hotel in San Francisco and oozes history. Have a look in the ballrooms get get a feel of the old San Francisco. The location is perfect in Union Square. You can walk from the ket Street BART station  blocks slightly uphill straight from the airport. Only . each.P.S I lodged the above comments via their website and got a response email offering me . sic points Starwood Guest Points. In the response they called me by another surname  times and my surname is the th most common surname in the English language. Is this indictive of the customer service	
   	Westin can do better	Our room was on the th floor and faced an office building. The room was smaller than standard and odd shaped as the hotel is odd shaped. There was no sitting area so we had to climb up on the bed to read or have a cup of coffee. The bathroom was equally small the door barely clearing the toilet. There was no towel rack bar or hook to hang towels around the wash basin ditto in the bathshower area except a hook on the door. The deadbolt was not aligned properly and useless. A call to the front desk promptly brought the hotel engineer who slammed the door several times--a stop gap measure at best. Opening the door with keycard and deploying the deadbolt remained tricky throughout our stay. On the plus side the room was simply furnished with contemporary furniture with a big-screen TV. The bed was comfortable with two duvets--one light weight and the the other heavy weight the latter being so uncomfortably heavy that we removed it off the bed nightly. The coffee making supply was replenished every day the cleaning staff was courteous amp efficient. Also the hotel staff was helpful.  We had a satisfactory stay at this hotel some years back when it was known as the Argent. This time however our reservation was made thru our conference organizers and we most likely got one of the least desirable rooms. Overall our latest experience with the hotel left much to be desired and we would avoid this particular Westin in the future.	
   	Modern elegance	We shared a two double-bed room with my boyfriends parents on the th floor. The room was beautiful with simple white bedding and a clean modern feel to the room. The view down on to ket street was very nice through the very large window. Overall the room was very comfortable temperature and setting-wise. Very good value for the money...definitely recommend	
   	Dog Friendly Hotel  Good Value for Business Travelers	Great rates for a Westin in a great location. Most importantly the room was clean and the internet worked fine. Complimentary tea and coffee in the room was a nice touch. I wouldnt stay here again for vacation. The rooms are on the small size and service and amenities are lacking. We learned it was a dog friendly hotel when we heard the barking on our last night. The front desk did offer to move our room but luckily the barking didnt continue all night.	
   	Solid choice	A good predictable choice for those who want to be downtown and near the Moscone Center.Pros Westin beds Westin consistency great location.Cons Lame bar scene its hidden in the back - open that baby up too few rooms to score a preferred guest upgrade.There are many Starwood options in the neighborhood. The Palace takes you back  years and doesnt put coffee makers in the room. The St Regis gives you coffee but the rates are more than my company would pay. The Ws throbbing nightlife keeps me up at night. The Westin ket Street isnt the most exciting choice but its usually just right ... and when the upgrades happen theyre worth it.	
   	Nice but rather corporate Westin	I stayed in The Westin ket Street on ember rd for a pretty good non refundable internet rate of  through the hotel website. However if it hadnt have been for the fact we were just three stays off making Platinum with Starwood I would have preferred to have paid less than  using Priceline for an equivalent * hotel.This is a perfectly acceptable nice clean and comfortable corporate hotel but there is no wow factor about it at all. The or is all a bit grey and gloomy and lacks the charm of many Westins although it is no where near as dismal as the recently reated Westin Galleria in Dallas which I have also reviewed.The room and bathroom are well sized and from the Starwood Preferred Guest Floors you get very good views of the city. It is conveniently located a block away from the Bart MOMA and The Moscone Centre and two blocks from Union Square.If you are attending a convention at the Moscone Centre then it is ideal but I would not recommend it for romance or fun and would suggest the more historic Westin St Francis on Union Square instead or one of the many chic city centre boutique hotels eg The Hotel Monaco or Palo.I will say though all the staff were extremely nice friendly and helpful.	
   	Beware of rooms near the elevator	We checked into the Westin on the day after Thanksgiving for one night only. We booked our room on the Starwood website-we are Starwood members. We got a good rate . which guaranteed us an upper room floor. Upon checking in the front desk informed us all they had was a room near the elevator. I have had numerous problems in the past with rooms near the elevator and try to avoid quotelevatorquot rooms and quotice machinequot rooms as much as possible. The room was located on the st floor and we know the Westin is a very reputable hotel chain so we thought it wouldnt be a problem. BIG MISTAKE. We had been out all day shopping and ice skating at the Embarcadero returning to the hotel at  at night to get ready for dinner. While getting ready we thought we heard jet planes overhead but in reality it was the service elevator. Or be it sounded like a freight train Needless to saywe were able to change our room no rooms with  queen beds as reserved so we took a king   roll aways for our children. We will stay at the Westin again the hotel is very nice with great beds but we will make sure NO MORE ROOMS BY THE ELEVATOR especially rooms with numbers ending in  as in .	
   	Didnt Love This Hotel	Im in San Francisco for a couple of days on business and Im spending my first night here. I got a pretty good rate  but I dont see what all the excitement about this hotel is.On the up-side the hotel is near the Montgomery Street B.A.R.T. station it was warm and sunny here today so the two or three block walk was nice.As for the hotel my room at the end of the hall is pretty small. The flat-screen Philips TV is on the desk so I cant actually sit there and get anything done on my computer. Ive stayed at the Sheraton Fishermans Warf and the St. Francis and they both offered larger rooms.The rooms do have a sound issue the walls are thin and the noise in the hall carries right into my room. My neighbors just opened their door and for a minute I thought they were coming into my room.One suggestion I would make when you check in request a low level floor. The elevators are pretty busy. The restaurant has an Italian theme. The food was pretty salty and the service was off. My waiter was working two tables mine and a table of six and devoted his time to them. It would have been nice if hed checked on me at least once. The water and glass of wine I requested never arrived.BTW If youre an SPG member they dont have a club lounge here.This city if full of really great hotels. Including several other Starwood properties. I think next time Im in town Ill try one of the others... even if it costs a bit more.	
   	Very comfortable central hotel	Stayed here for  nights and really enjoyed it. The hotel was comfortable central and very good value for money.The staff were very helpful of particular note was Scott the concierge.We were upgraded and the room was pleasantly orated.Definitely would stay here again if in the area.	
   	Always a good experience	My boyfriend and I go to San Francisco once every two months. We both lived there for many years and have a lot of friends to frequently visit. This hotel is the first one we consider staying at each time. The rooms are clean the location is great and the floor to ceiling windows offer great views. Westin also usually has great deals.	
   	Convenience and Comfort	The Westin ket Street in San Francisco is centrally located and walking distance to the Moscone Center where I was attending a conference and Union Square. The hotel is not elaborate when you enter its lobby ... but definitely elegant. It has some hidden nooks for informal meetings and relaxing in the lobby.The rooms are typical Starwood - great beds and clean. As the hotel has only been a Westin for about a year the rooms were newly reated and modern. The hotel had a restaurant called Ducca that looked nice but we did not eat there. The bar for Ducca extends out to a sidewalk and is great if the weather permits. We ate at Joe Dimaggios Italian Chophouse in the North Beach area of SF. It was an old-style steakhouse but not quite as ridiculously priced as many high-end steak places. The workout facility was small and it was often tough to find a machine in the morning. But it was also new and in good shape. Overall a great place to stay if needing to be close to Moscone.	
   	Nice hotel but horrible concierge and desk staff	The room was comfy and clean. Then we used the concierge service to make our dinner reservations since we were unfamiliar with the area. We had  bad meals in a row The check-in process wasnt exactly seamless either.	
   	Okay but walls are paper thin	We love the Westin chain for their rooms and great beds This was not one of my favorite. Its new but the walls were so thin I could literally hear the maid down the hall rustling paper. We could hear other people using the bathroom Every time a door opened or shut on our floor it would echo through the hall. Stay at the W or the Westin St. Francis new wing if you want to sleep.	
   	Nothing to complain about	If you dont want to deplete your bank account to stay at a nice place in SF then this is your place. It has everything you need for a comfortable stay. The or is very modern and rooms are clean. Its like a less is more approach done very well as other places can get cluttered with orative stuff all over the place. This one is simple yet modern and stylish. The rooms are outfitted with heavenly beds clean bathrooms and large flat-screen TVs...the important stuff right Pay a little extra for a grand-deluxe room or greater and youll end up with a terrific view of the city or bay. The lobby is welcoming staff friendly and location superb. Good job Westin	
   	Great Hotel for the Price	After the tiny room at my hotel in New York see my review of the Hotel Mela New York my room at the Westin San Francisco ket Street was a truly refreshing change of pace.Hell I had an actual work desk a -inch or be it was larger LCD TV two very comfy lounging chairs a full mini-bar a full closet and a king size heavenly bed. The room even had a small ante-room leading to the main bedroom The fact that I paid considerably less per night for the Westin compared to the Hotel Mela sweetened the deal considerably.I should also mention that the room was very clean. I quite liked the lobby and the hallways. Further the location was very convenient to the SF MOMA the Moscone Convention Center Yerba Buena Gardens and shopping Westfield San Francisco Center. Virgin Mega Store Apple Store ROSS and Old Navy to name a few.Some stuff to note howevera the bathroom was plain e. Nothing distinguishing about it at all. b some of the extras I was hoping for were AWOL. No complimentary bottled water. No slippers. No shower gel. No toothbrush kit. No sewing kit. No shower cap. None of that mattered well except be for the complimentary bottled water to me though since I had the necessary toiletries with me.c I got charged for mini-bar consumption despite my not having actually consumed anything from the mini-bar. Apparently as explained to me by the front desk the fridge has an electronic sensor such that the minute you move anything in the fridge youre automatically charged for consumption. As such when I moved stuff around to accomodate perishables Id bought I got charged. Im not sure I actually believe the front desks explanation by the way. The electronic fridge system if it actually exists just seems like a great way for the hotel to get into unncessary arguments with guests. In any case the hotel reversed the charges without giving me a tough time about it. So Im not complaining.d I came back one day to find a cleaning rag left behind by housekeeping on top of a cabinet. No biggie for me I just placed the rag along with my used towels but I can envision how such an episode could irritate other less sanguine guests.e The lifts had a key card security system to control access to the guest floor. However the system was apparently not yet up and running during my stay.Lastly I should mention that I was able to book my room for about USD including tax a night directly through the SPG website. Considering that the average room rate in San Francisco for a hotel of this quality seems to be closer to USD  per night based on my own research the size and quality of the room and the locaiton of the hotel I feel that I got a very good deal indeed.	
   	Loud Loud Loud Elevator Noise	There is just no excuse for a Hotel of this quality to have such a serious problem with the elevator system. We got in a room next to the elevator and it absolutely ruined the trip. We couldnt sleep The noise was terrible. If they force you in to a room next to an elevator demand your money back.	
   	Stayed for our Honeymoon	I booked  nights here for our HM one of which I used my Starpoints for. Upon check in the lady said she would upgrade us since we were staying  nights. She offered us a bottle wine since it was our HM but we lined as we are not drinkers. She was going to give us a corner room on the th floor but ided to give us a room on the th floor with a view of the Moscone Center. That room was nice. Bathroom was small. As soon as we got to the room we called and requested a refrigerator which was delivered promptly no extra charge. After coming back to our room later in the evening a maid was cleaning a corner room and told us it was available. After a call to the front desk we packed our stuff and moved over to the corner room with more views of the city. This bathroom was slightly more spacious although neither had towel racks. We used the workout room. Headphones were provided and the treadmills had built-in TVs. Staff was very friendly. At checkout my bill was for  nights when it should have been for  since I used my points for one night. A call to the front desk fixed that and she gave me  points for the inconvenience. We asked about late checkout and were offered pm as opposed to the normal pm checkout. Overall a good experience. It is more of a business hotel not your traditional HM place but it worked for us.	
   	Quite happy	The hotel is very comfortable the location is good very near Union Square. There are other places I like as well or better in the area but you cant go wrong here.	
   	Great. Period.	Stayed here over the weekend in tember for night plus tax. So worth it. Great safe neighborhood. Near the BART. Lots of small kets near us. Lots of real shopping. Service was fine. Nothing special - but absolutely no problems and everyone was friendly.Mini bar ok -- would have preferred a regular fridge but this was fine.CLEAN Big pretty bathroom. Nice bed. Clean chairs etc. It was nice. No complaints. Gorgeous view. Everything was just as expected. Really nothing out of the ordinary but everything working so perfect was wonderful. Also got great weather in the city and so that was nice. Enjoy.	
   	Good Bed Bad Service	The Westin Heavenly Bed was the highlight of this hotel.Since the hotel has renamed itself to Westin formerly Argent they have cleaned the rooms new carpets removed electocution hazards and put in the Heaven Beds.The location is also great - just steps to ket St and lots of public transportation. A couple blocks from Moscone.The servcice here was poor and unfriendly. Poor service ran throughout the hotel it wasnt just one desk clerk. Here is what happened* Arrived at  a.m. and had to unload my car myself. The valet only showed up as I was dragging my luggage into the hotel by myself. Did he offer to help NO he wanted to know how long I was going to be No one ever offered to help with my familys luggage.* Since it was so early my room wasnt ready. This was no big deal - I didnt expect it to be ready at am. However they promised to call me on my cell phone when it was ready and they never called. I only found out the room was ready because my wife went back and asked.* Evidently my room which was booked by someone else included free valet parking. The hotel never told me it was included. How did I find out My wife randomly asked about the room rate and they happened to mention the free parking.* The laundry service . . . I took my laundry down to the bell desk to drop it off and the bellman rolled his eyes when he took the bag.* The laundry service . . . was supposed to drop drop off my clean laundry by pm. They did not meet their time committment and didnt bother to call or apologize.As if that isnt enough this is the big one. After reporting activities that violated hotel policies to the manager he offered to relocate us Rather than fix a problem all they wanted to do was move me and not deal with an issue.Oh yeah the hotel is STILL owned and operated by ARGENT. be this is why they still suck.	
   	Its all about the LOCATION	We stayed at this hotel overnight on a recent Saturday. I am fairly local just over an hour away and I have to say that this hotel is an outstanding value for anyplace in the Bay Area let alone San Francisco and let alone Union Square You can not go wrong.I booked the hotel directly with the hotel website. If you compare all the sites and prices you will find that the hotels own prices are the most reasonable so I recommend booking directly. I was a little worried when I read some of these traveler reviews but it is as if the negative posts stayed someplace else. Every detail was beyond satisfactory. Ill start at the beginning. We parked across the street at the Hearst Parking Garage.  hour parking cost only --um excuse me actually this is cheap It is safe and secure and literally across the street. Just map everything before you go and you will find it alright.When we checked in the clerk read my special comments and without asking she upgraded us from a Grand Deluxe King room to a Premier King at no extra charge. We were on the th floor. The floor to ceiling windows make for a breathtaking view of Yerba Buena Gardens the Metreon Zeum carousel the bay even AT amp T park if you know what to look for and the hills of San Francisco. Imagine that at night time with the lights. Just fantastic. I highly recommend asking for a room that faces Yerba Buena Gardens. Some of the complaints here were that the view of rd Street did not impress and I would agree that if we had a room facing rd it would NOT be the same experience. But remember you get what you pay for. The Grand Deluxe rooms clearly state quotHigh Floor.quotThe bed looks exactly like the online photos and is extremely clean. That is precisely what I look for in a hotel is cleanliness. The bathrooms are large spacious fully stocked with a hair dryer bath robe in the closet etc. The large screen tv well stocked mini bar all says chic elegant modern. That is what you will get from the minute you walk into this hotel modern elegance. From the huge white orchids in the lobby to the hotel lounge with the urban vibe it delivers upscale taste at an extremely reasonable price. I can tell you that the price for a standard room here compares to that of a far inferior room in the wharf area such as a Best Western. As to other hotels in the ket Street area you are looking at THE best priced hotel for the value in the area. This place cant be beat Quality and affordability. You are getting upscale quality service for a bargain rate.The concierge was helpful. Cabs come straight up to the door and took us to the Curran theatre which was a  cab ride away. Everything is in walking distance. If you leave the hotel go left to ket and left again and walk to Union Square. Go right out of the hotel and you are steps away from the SF Museum of Modern Art the Metreon St Patricks Cathedral Jewish Museum of Art Yerba Buena Gardens beauiful Zeum and the Childrens Carousel. This location puts the value of the hotel far beyond the price they are charging.From the time we walked up to the front desk clerk who upgraded our room in celebration of my husbands birthday and offered him a glass of wine to boot to the convenient parking across the street to the LOCATION beyond belief to the cleanliness of the room and the comfort of the beds I highly recommend this hotelNote if you are looking for a quothistoricquot looking hotel then you want to stay at the Westin St Francis or the Sir Francis Drake. That is an entirely different type of experience. At the Drake where Ive also stayed the rooms are small and the bathrooms are closet small. But you are at a historic older building. Totally different types of hotels and different experiences.	
   	Great Location and Service	I am a Starwood Prefered Guest and used points to stay at this hotel. I choose this one over the other Starwood hotels based on the reviews here and of course its location. We flew up for five nights and took the BART from Oakland to the hotel. The Bart stop is about   blocks away and is only . roundtrip. Best deal in town We arrived late Sunday and were immediately upgraded to a corner room in an upper floor due to my SPG Gold status. Check in was fast and efficient. We then walked across the street to CPK California Pizza Kitchen. Very good and conveniant.It is close to Union Square where you can shop and pick up the cable cars. It is also close to the shopping mall and Chinatown. The bus stop and F trolly that takes you to Fishermans Warf is also steps away from the hotel. Best way to get around San Francisco and cheap too .. The hotel room was fantastic. Great view from the room. The bathroom is a little small but so what you dont live in he bathroom Housekeeping was good for the most part. However they forgot to give us wash clothes one night and we did not notice until the next morning. Not a big deal The concierge was very helpful and provided us with a map that had the bus routes on it and helped us get to Golden Gate Park. She also printed our airline tickets when I inquired about the business office. Overall we were very pleased with this hotel and when we go back to San Francisco we will be returning here	
   	Good Location disappointed with standard	My husband and I stayed here as our final hotel in a  day stay in the US. We booked in for  nights and agree with previous reviewers that the location is ideal for exploring SF and far enough away from that hub of tourist activity called Fishermans Wharf and Pier  which is a definite miss in our book.Our initial contact with the hotel was in leaving our bags with the concierge while we handed back our hire car. They said they would not be able to put them into the room until we were present which seemed strange to us as we had already checked in and had the room allocated to us. We definitely felt they were looking for the tip on delivery. The room was on the th floor as we had asked for a high and quiet room height was perfect and the view was terrific but the noise was a bit much for us from the cleaners room which was located next door and they banged their trolleys from am each morning getting the set up for cleaning.  is the number if you want to avoid it. We returned to reception to get our bags after an hour as they still had not been delivered and they insisted that they were just about to bring them up Another  minutes later they arrived. The rooms are not very large but as US standards go they are probably standard. We had a king bed and desk area. Bathroom was very small with only shower over bath availablethey have no rooms with erate showers only a disabled room - I checked. Only one bath towel and robe in the room on arrival and it took ages to get the second one delivered in fact the cleaning was very hit and miss depending on when we remembered to leave a tipOur biggest disappointment was that there was no pool in the hotel even though we had specifically requested a pool in all our hotels. As the temperatures were in the early s it really was a downer for us but we went over to the park across the road and sat in the sun a couple of days.The hotel is located close to Union square and all the major shops so if you are there to shop it is ideal. We had room service on one evening and it was good but not brilliant very basic menu. We used the gym which is small but open  hours. Should meet everyones needs if they like to use a gym unless the place is full of kids with their parents hogging the  treadmills on offer which happened us on two occasions.Valet parking for your car is  per day and they only offer valet parking at the hotel.All in all would not rush back here did not find the staff overly friendly or welcoming just functional. Room noise was annoying but no other room available thats what they told us - we were even willing to upgrade.	
   	Excellent stay with a great location	The Westin ket is superbly located right at rd and ket within walking distance of the Museum of Modern Art Moscone Yerba Buena Union Square the Financial District and much more. The hotel staff is superb. They are friendly helpful and always there to assist. We got a complimentary upgrade to a suite which was outstanding given we were on vacation with our five month old. The rooms are well appointed modern and have flat screen TVs. The bed is as with all Westin beds excellent. They even have a Heavenly Crib for babies.	
   	Westin vs Expedia	We booked in  through Expedia for four people and requesting a room with  double beds. We arrived in early ust and found they had us in a room with one king size bed. The clerk told us the best they could do was add one rollaway bed a single and no other room was available. But since we booked through Expedia we were told we were quotExpedias customers not Westins customersquot and wed have to take it up with Expedia. I argued that regardless of how it was booked the hotel received info that  people were arriving and someone at Westin knowingly put the  guests in a room that could only sleep . Clerk was apologetic but reiterated that we were Expedias customers the hotel was completely booked and perhaps we could squeeze  in the King size bed or have one person sleep on the floor. While we are extremely upset with Expedia we are equally disappointed with this Westin for knowingly putting  people into a room only capable of sleeping .	
   	Service on a line location great	This is the second time Ive stayed at the Westin SF ket Street. The first time it had just opened after its conversion from the Argent Hotel and I had a terrific experience. They gave me a corner room on the st floor with stunning views and service was prompt and friendly.Location is terrific as the other reviewers write. But I think the staff is starting to take that for granted with the exception of the gentleman who checked me in staff was often surly unhelpful and unconcerned especially the Service Express folks. And it often took - rings for anyone to pick up.I also had a nearly identical room this time -- same location but on a slightly lower floor. But in the year that has passed the bathroom already small has gotten musty with grout stains peeling ceiling paint and runny toilets. The housekeeping was sloppy -- some days I had a bath mat other days I didnt.As for noise if you are a light sleeper bring earplugs. The Westin is right around the corner from the fire station and sirens run often and loudly. Ive also stayed at the W which is across the street and down one block on rd perhaps that building is better insulated its right next door to the fire station because I dont recall hearing as much street noise.	
   	Great location	We wanted a little luxury with a great location and thats exactly whet we got. Self-parking right accross the street was not cheap but convenient cheaper than the valet parking offered by the hotel at least. Check in was personable and extremely quick and we were straight up stairs within minutes of arriving we had paid a slight premium for a city view and were not disappointed with a great view accross to Union Square. The room itself was triangular which was unusual but which meant that the amount of window space therfore the view was maximised - great by day and night. The or was modern and attractive the room was quite spacious and the beds very comfortable with crisp linens so comfortable in fact that I kept on falling asleep when we were supposed to be heading out The bathroom was small but okay with nice toiletries and complementary bathrobes. The location of the hotel is excellent the upscale Westfield Mall is a block away and Union Square three blocks at most with cable cars and the muni right around the corner. SFMOMA is right down the street and convenient for a early start. Some reviewers mentioned being uncomfortable with the area and homeless people being around... This is really not a problem and typical of any modern city or indeed town - we came back to the hotel well after midnight and felt perfectly safe as we did throughout the city. Other reviewers have been critical of the Westins business facilities internet etc. but I felt that the hotel offers a great deal for leisure travellers and tourists much better to be at the heart of the city instead of being stranded at the end of a cable car line in tacky Fishermans Wharf. We were going to stay at the Argonaut but Im glad we chose the Westin instead.	
   	Excellent value in prime location 	Got a fantastic deal through Expedia  nights for the price of and found this hotel to be a perfect location for exploring San Francisco.Our room double beds was spaciousmodern and st  with comfortable beds flat screen tv well stocked mini bar and stylish bathroom.The hotel even provides a guide to interesting and well priced cafesrestaurants in the area. Mels drive-in diner  a truly s dining experience with juke boxes is one not to be missed in Mission St  nearby.Ps Please avoid staying in the truly dreadful Fishermans Wharf area.	
   	Great Location in SFO	We stayed at the Westin for  nights in ust and I must say that the location of the hotel is excellent for sightseeing and shopping. The rooms are great fully reated and very large. Good flat screen and amazing bed. All in all a great hotel for a stay in SF if you donot want to stay at Fisherman´s Wharf too busy for our taste	
   	Great hotel	This was a great hotel right in the heart of SF. We were able to take the BART from Oakland airport and we walked about  minutes from the station to the hotel. Theres a Starbucks right across the street and many other restaurants in the area. The hotels newly reated so everything was clean and new. Hotel staff was great.	
   	Good locaton	Very good location. Very good room - clean large and nice flat screen tv.Centrally located and perfect for walking just about everywhere in the city.	
   	What a bed	We stayed just  night at the Westin but wish it could have been longer. The hotel is in a great location right near lots of shopping and not far from Union Square . I booked a normal room using points and ended up getting a deluxe on the th floor. Check-in was a breeze and the desk clerk was extremely friendly. We also asked the Concierge for some wine store recommendations and he was very helpful.The rooms are roomy bright thanks to its floor to ceiling windows and very comfortable. There was a little foyer when you walked in with a lamp table and closet. The main room had a flat screen TV King Bed a desk and  sitting chairs with an ottoman. The beds at the Westin are incredible They are SO comfortable it was hard to leave it in the morning. The room contains a very strong hairdryer as well as a bathrobe. Internet access is about  for  hours but across the street is a Peet’s Coffee where if you purchase something you can ask for a code and have free Wi-Fi for  hours definitely a good deal.Parking is a bit pricey at the hotel and San Fran’s parking meters can be very confusing however we were able to find an overnight parking meter a few blocks down rd Street on one of the side streets by the Moscone Center . I will definitely stay at a Westin again in fact I am in a couple of weeks	
   	Enjoyed the Westin	We enjoyed our  night stay at the Westin. We are a family of . We checked in on a Friday evening. There was a long line to check in with only  employee behind the desk. After  minutes in line  adnl employees appeared and the line started moving. The hotel was sold out as there was a baseball game in town. We were assigned to a room on the th floor with  beds. We asked for a higher floor with a view as the kids had never been to San Francisco. We could only do so if we took a king bed so we opted for a king size room on the th floor. The hotel sent up a rollawaywe had an aerobed for adnl child. The view was great We could see the Bay Bridge and Alcatraz. from the floor to ceiling window. The room was large enough for the  of us. We did not check out any of the hotel services. We parked across rd street in the k at the corner of Jesse for  per day. Housekeeping was very good. She saw us leave and noticed there were  of us in the room. We were left extra shampoo and towels. I asked for extra plastic cups  day and they were received. We were able to walk from the hotel to China Town and North Beach. We took a cab to Pier  for . We thought the location was safe and convenient. We walked to drug store on ket - is around the corner. Del Taco is around the corner and SUbway and Ca Pizza are aacross the street on rd.	
   	Problematic stay	I stayed here in ember. A fairly problematic stay. I enjoyed the Palace and Westin St Francis more. But it is OK if you get a cheap rate. Problem  Got a corner room with no drawers Fortunately I was only here for  night so I just lived out of my suitcase. But really.Problem  Bed was short-sheeted. This is becoming a common problem at all chains. Housekeeping used a sheet that was too short so my feet were scraping against scratchy mattress fiber. I had to remake the bed myself. A complaint the next morning at front desk garnered compensatory SPG points. When I asked for late checkout I was offered pm. I had to press for pm which I am entitled to as a Gold member.Problem  At check in late in the evening I asked for my package. The staff member said to come back tomorrow when the concierge was there. Since the package contained toiletries I needed it immediately and only when I pressed did she send a bellman to unlock the concierges closet and retrieve my package. Problem  Rate was  dollars higher on the bill than the booked rate. This was solved at checkout.	
  	nice but parking kills	nice place cheap priceline but parking is day	
   	First class experience	My husband dhter and I stayed at The Westin ket Place for  nights in y of . It was a lovely hotel that I can thoroughly recommend. The hotel gave us an upgrade without us asking and the staff were very friendly and helpful. The rooms are spacious and airy and offer fantastic views over the city. The location was superb and right in the centre of everything. I dont know why another reviewer said shed feel unsafe on her own - I certainly wouldnt. The area is full of tourists and very well lit.In short a wonderful stay and I look foward to coming back in the years to come.	
   	Great Location -- Nice Rooms	We stayed here  nights in y  while on a family vacation. Westin offered a quotstay  nights for the price of  dealquot and this rate made our time in SF very affordable. The hotel is older but the rooms have a nice Westin touch. Our room had  queen beds which were comfortable and the room was an adequate size for my family of . The location is great -- just a short walk to Union Square but not on the main square area so there is less foot traffic.Our complaints about this hotel are minimal. First our room was near the elevators and they were very noisy at night. We finally turned the AC on to continuous run to drown out the noise. Second there really is no comfortable common area in the hotel to relax and spend time.One tip I read about which saved us a lot of money. Parking at the hotel is  per day. We parked across the street at the Hearst Parking Garage for  per day. Although that lot does not have inout privileges and is not open  hours per day that did not matter to us because we did not use our car while in SF.All in all we enjoyed this hotel and would definitely stay there again.	
   	Poor Service Uncomfortable Beds No Wireless Internet in Lobby	We called a day before we arrived to see if there were any complimentary upgrades available. James the night manager said he could move us to a corner room with king size bed with a great view.When we check in at PM even though guaranteed check in was at PM the front desk clerk said the room James had reserved for us was not ready and that he had nothing available. The only corner room he had was a queen bed on a lower floor. So he put us into a stanard room and just handed us the keys. With no explaination of the hotel where the restaurant was When we got to the room it was small and had a bad view so I called the quotService Expressquot line and that person was able to move us into a corner king suite ... just as we had discussed with James. This was within  minutes of us checking in and the room was on the same floor so we knew they had not just finished cleaning the room.That night we both woke up at AM with back and neck pain. Clearly this was not a quotheavenly bedquot. Because it was so early in the morning I was able to call down to the front desk and talk to James. He said that he has heard the complaint before that the beds are not the traditional Westin beds. He offered to move us to a one bedroom suite with a living room for the remainer of our stay. We agreed ... the new room was bigger which was nice but the bed still was not great.We ided after the first night that we probably were not going to stay there for all five days we had originally booked. So on Thursday  we asked the concierge about renting a car. They said they had a service City Rent-A-Car who would drop off a car for us. We filled out a form the rental would be for day and the car would be dropped off at AM on Sat. . The afternoon of Friday  we stopped by the concierge to confirm the car had been reserved and would be there at AM. He said it would and showed me the confirmation fax printout.On Saturday morning before we checked out I wanted to check my e-mail one more time as our  hour period ran out the night before which they charge . for. I took my laptop to the hotel lobby only to find they had no wireless internet in the lobby. The front desk person said I would have to go to the hotel room to use it and pay another  even though we would only be using it for  -  minutes before we checked out.So at AM with our room packed up luggage with us and being checked out of the hotel we went down to the lobby expecting to see the car there. It was not there and there was a very long line at the concierge. When I got to talk to the concierge she said the car would be there in  minutes because they dont open until AM so we waited ... no car ...  no car ... so I went behind the concierge desk pulled the reservation book opened up to our reservation and called them myself. I talked to several people and finally the owner who said he did not have a reservation for us he had only a few cars available and the whole city was rented out so we were his only hope ... and by the way the price doubled.When the owner brought the car we signed the contract and wrote under it quotsigned under duressquot because he had pulled a bait and switch on us. At which point the owner of City Rent-A-Car took the key refused to rent us the car and went to talk to the hotel manager Jojo. Jojo was no help as he completely took the side of the car rental owner. He hardly spoke english and was not the least bit interested in our side of the story. We rented a car from Enterprise who picked us up in a Mercedes and we moved on from our vacation ... never to stay at Westin ket Street again.	
   	Good experience	Fantastic location to view a wonderful city. Great shopping close by. Get a Travel Pass  for  days  cheaper for under yo . Cable cars  yards away great experience.Brilliant value for us as we were there for  days. Can be used on  different types of transport  but not BART . If interested in art go to SF Musuem of Modern Art  yards away and get a CityPass booklet which costs  and includes the travel pass Look it up online and see if you are interested in paying the extra . Included was the Aquarium which was good as was the cruise under the bridge. Bike the bridge and take the ferrry back. Go to a Giants baseball game. ATampT Park is - minutes walk straight down the street from hotel or about  minutes on the F maket trolley. I had not been to a baseball game before but I am a sports fan. My dhters   and   were not. They loved the experience so much we also went on the BART to Oakland a few days later to catch another game.Book Alcatraz at least a week before you visit. Well worth the money very interesting.Dont bother with a car  use public transport. We got a car only when leaving SF. Lots of car rental offices about  yards away. We travelled south towards LA. If going on a similar trip catch the quotMystery Spotquot in Santa Cruz on the way south. Entry person and  for parking well worth it a great lh.Found hotel staff helpful. We arrived on evening of th y and consierge booked a restaurant for us as he said we  have difficulty getting in somewhere. Eating expensive around Union Square area and found food and drink in hotel expensive.As said elsewhere be carful with bar in room. Charge showed up for when we were checking out but as we had not used anything and there was not a problem taking it off bill.I would stay at this hotel again.	
   	Nice location big room good coffee.	My wife and I were happy with this hotel. We were given a big room and had a nice quiet part of the hotel.Location is great and service is ok for a big hotel such as this.	
   	Shocking service average facilities	During our trip to the US West Coast we stayed in San Fran several times at different hotels. Overall we thought we shop around in terms of hotels we stayed at the Mandarin Oriental by far the best hotel with impeccable service and amazing views from the rooms the Fairmont grande dame of hotels in San Fran but really no longer up to scratch with its facilities and the Westin. First of all I rang the hotel to confirm that we would get a king size room on the upper floors as set out in our booking. However upon our arrival which was at .pm - the hotel was aware of that we were told that this was impossible and also never confirmed. When I saw the room we got next to the lifts I went back down to the lobby and requested a change which we eventually got after much debate. By . we unpacked and went to the receptionist who had been exceptionally rude upon check-in and asked whether there would be any good restaurants in the area that would still be open it was a Tuesday night after all. The answer he did not know he was the receptionist and concierge at the time but there would be a . Tired of arguing with hotel staff that clearly did not like their job we went out and around the corner to the Four Seasons where I explained the situation sorry should have stayed at your hotel we are stuck with the Westin now and an incompetent concierge and their friendly concierge pointed out three closeby restaurants which were open and the one we chose was a real hitI am not going into any further detail of what else happened when we stayed at the Westin wrong final bill - when I pointed it out they acted as if it was MY fault that the bill was wrong and they generally could not care less but it was one of the most irritating hotel stays I have ever had and I travel around the world a lot as part of my job. As a general rule by now when hotels start giving their mattresses or showers special names heavenly bed or heavenly shower just stay away from it. A properly good hotel does not need to turn to poetry when describing its facilities	
   	Great location wasnt overwhelmed	Stayed at the Westin ket Street while traveling with family. The hotel location is the best part of this hotel as it allows great access to the publicj transportation lines. The cable cars street cars and bus lines are all steps away. The neighborhood is also good with surrounding hotels including the Fou Seasons St Regis Palace Hotel and the Hotel Palo. The service was average not overwhelming but not underwhelming. Our breakast server was very good and attentive to our needs. We arrived back late one night right about closing time for the restaurant and we wanted to order dessert. They allowed us to which was very nice and the desserts themsleves were just OK. I really only had  issues with the hotel we stayed in room  and for the entire stay we never had a trash can in the bathroom only under the desk which is unusual. Also every night we stayed the room attendant short sheeted the bed by  inches. I dnot know if the sheets they buy are too short or if this attendant is making the bed wrong but being six foot five it became annoying to constantly rub your feet on the mattress and mattress pad. Otherwise the room was well maintained and cleaned consistently had a great  inch flat TV and in room safes. The only other downside would be the bathrooms are on the small side.	
   	Great location	We are glad we stayed at the Westin ket Street for our first stay in San Francisco. The location is perfect as a base to tour the city. We were in walking distance to all the fabulous downtown shopping restaurants and museums. The service was friendly and helpful at the hotel and our room was lovely. I would pick a downtownUnion Square hotel over the Fishermans Warf location again. Transportation by trolley car or taxi is reasonable and easy to catch in San Francisco. There are so many interesting neighbourhoods that are near the Union Square area to explore. San Francisco is a wonderful city Do remember to layer dress as the wind can be cool off the bay and the daily temperature was in the s when we were there in y.Love to travelEdmonton Alberta Canada	
   	Good experience overall	My husband and I just returned from our annual vacation and I submit my review because I consult trip advisor religiously myself before planning trips. Hope this is of help to someoneWe thought our  day stay at the Westin ket street location was fair for the price. We found a special on Expedia and the value was good- I believe that it worked out to be around  Canadian per night taxes included. I think we likely had the least expensive type of room.The highlights were an EXTREMELY comfortable bed a great location and the outdoor terrace located beside the restaurant. The terrace provided a small quiet haven in the middle of a bustling city and you could order drinks food or even bring your own items and enjoy the atmosphere.There is a gym in the hotel and it has enough equipment to provide you with a fair workout while away.We ate at the hotels restaurant quotDuccaquot one night and also quite enjoyed that.To elaborate more on the location we found it very convenient. Its right downtown with endless great restaurants and the major shopping section just around the corner. Chinatown is also a very short walk away.A short cab ride will take you to the wharf telegraph hill Mission Delores etc.. We are big walkers so we walked to these sites- but they are around a  minute walk and more in some cases so not for the weary Cable cars as well as other modes of transport are all around and probably a more fun way of travelling to your chosen site.The only drawback of being in such a central location would be the noise level. ket and rd streets are busy - the traffic amp the frequent sound of sirens were well heard within our th floor room- which faced the street. be a room which doesnt directly face the street might help somewhat. We got used to the noise and the really comfortable beds do help to encourage restful sleep for the most part.Also- the rooms are not huge but we found them fair enough for our purposes. Lastly for those looking to vacation in San Fran like we did - I want to mention that we really enjoyed the Alcatraz tour great audio guide available a wine tour through Tower Tours  pp  wineries amp tastings incl renting a car through Budget car rental  minutes walk away on Howard and driving down the scenic HWY  not to be missed if you have the time as well as dinner at the Cliff House restaurant overlooking the Pacific. And my last comment is that the Museum of Modern Art is current showing Frida Kahlos work which was such a pleasant surprise. This museum is literally a  minute walk from the hotel.I hope you enjoy your visit to San Francisco as much as we did	
   	Heavenly	Theyre not kidding with their quotHeavenly Bedquot and quotHeavenly Bathquot slogans at Westin. And while theres nothing like an awesome bed and bath when youre traveling its the other services and amenities that made this property stand out for us.The lobby was beautiful with the mesmerizing scent of what seemed like  orchids displayed in the center on a beautiful huge pedestal. The dark wood and ble everywhere was elegant.Our th floor room by request overlooked Yerba Bueba Gardens and Potrero Hill in the background. We had  queen beds for my wife and I plus our two teenage boys. Normally they tug and push and kick each other but not this time. The bed was large and comfortable. We all slept great. And the room had plenty of space when we had friends and their kids over for a glass of wine.The concierge and bell staff were knowledgeable and courteous. Housekeeping left extra towels soaps and shampoos at our request. Everyone was extremely nice.Virgin Mega Store and Old Navy down the block were a hit with the kids. We walked thru Chinatown from the hotel and back. Union Square. Embarcadero. Everything was within walking distance. The only shock was the parking.  a day to park a car with the parking fee plus % taxes added in. Not to mention tipping the valet every time you took it out. So more like  a day for us. But we didnt care. It was such a great hotel stay that we cant wait to go back.	
   	Good experience at the Westin on ket Street	Good experience at the Westin on ket Street although it’s actually on rd Street. My fiancé and I stayed in San Francisco for  nights in e . Overall the Westin on ket served us well – thought I’ll be the first to admit we don’t spend much time in the hotel room when we travel Location Excellent. Right in the hub of Downtown just off ket Street. Between two BART stations which I’d recommend for ease of use speed amp low cost from SFO airport.  minutes to Union Square  minutes to Westfield Shopping Centre huge  minutes to the two major Tourist Tram stops get the idea You’ve got buses streetcars and trams within a few minutes walk that service the majority of the City and public transport is pretty ent and relatively cheap in San Fran so there’s no reason not to use it. You’re also near a number of the big conference venues as well as the Yerba Buena Gardens – a very pleasant city park This was our major factor for choosing the hotel and it didn’t disappoint.Amenities  Rooms We had a standard Queen-bed room on the lower floors but asking politely at the front desk got us moved up to a higher floor corner room with nice City views – a good start Room was well equipped good TV with plenty of channels nice bathroom and a very comfy bed. Soap  Shampoo etc all good quality and a free daily USA Today. Our room was a little crowded but it wasn’t a problem for us. Good quality Starbucks Coffee  Tea however we had a gripe with the paper cups it’s a hotel – not a coffee shop - it took us  days and a couple of conversations with housekeeping before they would bring us proper mugs – not flimsy paper things – though I appreciate the business traveller  want the convenience of coffee to go. The fiancé said the shower wasn’t hot at times though I never noticed myself. Lastly for international travellers – the hotel doesn’t provide complimentary power adapters so don’t forget yours from home like we did The rest of the hotel was very pleasant nice lobby  lounge area with a fireplace and a good bar – however we didn’t try the restaurant or the gym – so can’t comment thereService Everyone at the hotel was great housekeeping were very pleasant we had to call for coffee  tea top-ups nearly every day they only replace the packets once a day and very quick to respond to requests for extra hangers and the like. As I said the only problem was getting proper mugs instead of paper cups – which did take a few calls to different people before they’d help us Lastly the Concierge was very pleasant and helpful with the couple of queries we had.General San Fran Hit the major tourist spots Alcatraz Haight Ashbury Fishermans Wharf Chinatown etc as they’re all worth seeing but book Alcatraz in advance as it sells out often Nob’s Hill is great for some views down the very steep streets. And lastly we really recommend Yoshi’s for great Japanese food with an excellent Jazz Club to follow – plus you get to see Japan Town that way	
   	Awesome location	This hotel was in a great location. A half a block to a major transit stop. About  blocks to the cable car end of the line station. About  blocks to Chinatown or Union square. We had  days in San Fran and had no problem getting around the city on transit. Definitely get a transit pass your first day. It is so worth it. This hotel is on the edge of the financial district as well. So if you are there for business this is a great hotel. The majority of the clientele is business travelers. So the restaurant is pretty much empty by  am so it worked well for us. We only ate breakfast at the hotel and it was always really good. The concierge was really helpful. Talk to them first about things to see and tours to go on. They will also have a transit map that you can get. This is very helpful If you want an amazing meal down on Fishermans Wharf go to Scomas. This was our favorite meal by far. It is down a back alley off of Fishermans Wharf at the end of a pier. Go early or make a reservation. We had to wait  minutes to get a table. When we were leaving the wait was up to an hour and a half. The wait is well worth it though. The chowder was really really good. Plus its about a minute walk to Ghirardelli Square and an awesome chocolate sundae. All in all I loved this hotel and city. I would definately recommend it to my friends and i would go back in a heart beat.	
   	great location service and clean comfy rooms	Former Argent Hotel. Stayed here  nights with family in two queen bed room. Some peeves arrived nobody helped with bags from taxicurb into lobby. Friendly front desk personnel and bellman yes saw only one once inside though. Room was very clean nice view facing bay flat panel TV large-clean comfy beds large clean comfy bathroom large desk. Beware of touching minibar due to sensors called after touching to make sure wasnt charged. Room w safe inside. wireless costs  unlimited access per  hrs only. nice gym on th floor. Business center charges  for pcprinter use but was free for flight confirmations and printouts only. Museum of Modern Art and Moscone center one block away. Very close to many attractions- Chinatown nearby for good food too. Employees working night shift very courteous helpful but parking in downtown SFO is ridiculous- about - per night on top of car rental fees. Checkout was better than arrival since friendly bellmen were available to help this time.	
   	This is not what I thought	I was staying for  nights - of . The first impression of the building was OK and it has a fantastic location. But when I walk into the lobby for checkin the unexpected experience startedFirst My baggages were unloaded from the taxi by the bell-boy and the trolley which contain my baggages was left in the middle of the lobby unattended and the bell-boy was disappear. There is no tag or paper to state those baggages belongs to...Second After a unhelpful and slow service provided by the Conciege I finally got my room key my baggages still unattended I ide to unload my baggages from the trolley and carry to my room myself.Third My package deal should included  bottles of water per day and breakfast. However it never show up on thier system and charge us wrongly. It took them ages to correct the invoice during checkout. However it still over-charge me on my credit card. When I got back to Australia it took them weeks to correct the adjust the payment on my credit card account.Finally I have place my baggages into their storage after check out in the morning and continue my final day sight seeing. When I back to hotel and pick up the baggages from their storage from the staff. The staff does not show the appreciation when I gave him tip.I am very easy to please person. But this hotel not worth the name and way below standard....	
  	What Youd Expect from Westin...	I booked the Westin because Im a Starwood Preferred Guest member and they were offering a promotional deal at the time. It seemed a tad less touristy than the one in Union Square although I was a little skeptical since Westin had just bought the old Argent hotel and they were still fixing it up a little. The hotels location on ket Street is great. Just a few blocks south of Union Square and within easy walking distance. The BART is two blocks away and there are tons of bus stops on ket so transportation is easy to come by. Walgreens is across the street from the hotel on ket and theres a Starbucks AND a Peets on Third the hotel is at the corner of ket and Third so you can take your pick in the morning You can make complimentary tea or Starbucks coffee in your room via your coffee machine - they even provide the to-go paper cups and lids - but for fancier drinks you can visit the coffee house. The SFMOMA and Moscone Center is also  blocks away on Third.The room itself was nice and offered the typical Westin amenities - heavenly bed bath etc. It wasnt huge but not too cramped either. There was a nice wide flat-screen tv working desk and mini bar. Theyve reorated but I could still see bits of the former hotel lingering the sign on the fridge still says quotArgentquot.I had one small issue with the hotel but it was cleared up with no problems. Westin provides a few snack bar items in a metal basket that they place on top of the dresser. I moved them to make room for my stuff. Unfortunately each item had a weight sensor so of course I was charged for everything in the basket. I explained and Ken at the front desk was super nice and had all charges removed ASAP. I dont think Ive ever had service issues with any of the Starwood hotels. 	
   	Great Service at The Westin	My best friends parents treated us to a weekend in San Francisco to celebrate her college graduation. When I found out we were staying at the Westin I kept quite about my horrible past experience with the Westin in Los Angeles. I didnt want to upset anyone as I was lucky to be on this trip for free. I was hoping this Westin would fare better than the one in Los Angeles and thankfully it did Personally I did not have any complaints The rooms were spacious with great views. Flat screen t.v.s were in every room as promised unlike the L.A. Westin. The hotel staff was very nice and accomodating. When we removed items from the mini bar to store our food in we simply called down when we were checking out and told them to please remove the items from the bill that we had put everything back and it was done no questions asked I think the only small complaint might be that my friends parents rooms smelled like smoke even when the requested a no smoking room. But other than that things were great The concierege was extremely helpful as well arranging a car service for my friend and printing her boarding pass for her We also tried the restaurat ca I think. The food was amazing A bit overpriced but very good. They have fancy names for everything but if you ask the waiter they will put it in lamens terms for you. I had the burger which was delish Especially the special fries that come with it There were a couple of complaints that the service was a bit slow but I personally didnt experience any of that. When I blistered my feet from walking around all day I left a message for the concierege asking for band-aids and within  min. there was a knock on my door with a man holding band-aids for me on the other side. The same thing happened when my friend forgot her toothbrush They brought up a toothbrush and toothpaste within minutes And even if they didnt have a certain item they didnt tell you where you could get it they went out and got it for you My friends mom asked for something they didnt carry I cant remember what exactly it was but they said they would run down to the local Walgreens and pick it up for her and asked if there was anything else she needed...she asked them to get her a green tea since they were over there. It was awesome My impression of The Westin has much improved since my last stay at one	
   	Nice all around Westin	Stayed at the Westin ket Street for two nights while visiting SF on vacation. Several nice things about the hotel..Location - can walk to many of the key areas in SF... all the shops on ket Square and around Union Square...  min walk to ATampT Park walking distance to the Powell street cable car line...We were given a king sized room at the end of the hallway with floor to ceiling windows throughout the entire room facing directly East. Nice views.. Room was a tad on the small side though but cant complain. Bathroom was a good size with all the goodies but didnt have the usual heavenly shower Ive been accostomed to while staying at Westins.Plenty of pillows.. and comfortable bed - standard for Westins.Staff was friendly throughout our stay and with any questions we had. Were awoken from time to time with door banging and the high pitched quotHousekeepingquot from the maids which was odd considering we were at the end of the hallway and actually went through another door to get to our room. All in all would recommend staying at this hotel - we did alot of research of the hotels in the area and for our rate ~ cannot complain one bit.	
   	iffy cleanliness	we stayed for a couple of nights...great location for downtownfloor to ceiling dual aspect windows were great that we hadroom at the end of a corridor on the higher floorsbut the room was pretty small for a kingsizethe toilet was malfunctioning repeatedly and there was a lot of tappingknockingand other irritating noises throughout the nightsounded like mice.In addition the cleaning of the rooms was poor...we had rubbish from the previous occupyer left in the drawers and wardrobesand coffee cups etc werent replenished.We realise it is a busy hotel and san fran is expensive but for the rates paid for the rooms youd expect a slightly better standardwherever you stay.	
   	great location	We booked  quottraditionalquot rooms floors   for  nights for  people aged - years. The location is excellent for tourists as described in recent reviews. Half our group took the airport shuttle while others used BART to get to the hotel. Easy access to BART from SFO- and  minute slow stroll not up steep incline to the hotel from Montgomery BART station. Best to have exact fare for the BART ticket machines-limited change givenThe rooms with two queen beds were spacious. The room with one king bed was tiny and cramped. Book a two-bed room-its the same price. Obviously there are noisy windy rooms but our rooms were very clean and quiet despite the wind. Rooms were located away from the elevators midway down the hall not in an alcove. No view except for the rooms on the th floor. The hotel is not pet-free. Members of our group have allergies and we were lucky that no one reacted to any dander that  have been left behind. We asked for non-feather bedding. Did not eat in hotel. Used gym daily-great facility. Front desk personnel varied greatly in friendliness and helpfulness. Used public transport daily. Best bargain was the  monthly seniors pass-bought at Walgreens on ket Street about  block from hotel and -day adult pass-bought at visitors center on Powell St. or any station. Lots of bus stops on Third street or ket street  block away. Catch the F-line antique street cars on ket St. to Ferry BldgFishermans wharf or stroll  minutes to the Powell street cable car. # bus stops on ket Street goes directly to Haight-Ashbury and Golden Gate Park.Food Teens liked the BBQ chicken pizza at California Pizza across street from hotel. Try the upscale food court at Westfield Centre on Powell and ket. Mistral Rotisserie Provencale check their website at the Ferry Bldg serves well-seasoned lamb duck  beef and pork dishes for under . for combo plate. We got there just before closing so seating for  was not a problem and got huge portions. Chinatown tips-for a traditional experience avoid restaurants that have a greeter. Look for a place with a lot of locals. After souvenir shopping on Grant Ave go along Stockton Ave. Excellent egg custard tarts at Cafe Honolulu between Post and Clay and directly across the street tiny Yous Dim Sum serves OK dim sum-their  congee was OK too. Red Blossom tea house on Grant was fun buy their tea. Scomas on Pier -mediocre expensive food but big portions. crab cakes were good share your meal-no seating problem at  pm. Had to have chocolate ice cream sundaes at Ghirardelli square. Lunch at Trattoria Pinocchio in North Beach-homemade pastasauces and desserts- minute walk from hotel along Kearney to Columbuseasy walk for the  year old.Would stay at Westin again because of location and as long as standard rooms are under .night.	
   	Definitely Heavenly	My husband and I planned a last minute getaway to San Francisco last weekend and it was great We chose the Westin because weve never stayed in a super nice hotel and the price was too good to pass up -  per night We booked the traditional king non-smoking heavenly bed and bath online. When we got to the hotel they offered to upgrade us to a higher floor th at no extra charge - but it would be a queen. We took the upgrade got up to the room  and the view was awesome But the room was too small so we called the desk and asked to be put in a king and it was as simple as that. We were on the th floor and the view was still great.The hotel is located on rd Street and it wasnt really noisy. We had a partial view of the Bay Bridge and witnessed a few sunrises - beautiful The gym is on the th floor and only accessed with the key card. I didnt check it out but my husband was pleased. Internet is available at  a day. Parking is  a day PLUS  bucks in taxes OUCH. But its like a  minute walk to the cable cars and the BART so its definitely a great location. We also walked to ATampT Park on Friday night and it was be a  minute walk. We had a great experience - the staff were all friendly from the Valet to the doorman to the front desk. We didnt take advantage of the  hour room service but well be back so we will then.	
  	Great location location near Moscone	The Westin is in a great location about two blocks from Moscone Convention Center. Rooms are tad bit small. Although bath and entry are quite large. It must be the width of the room as a king eats up all the space. Great LCD and traditional Westin features. Views from higher floors are good.	
   	Loved this hotel......great experience.......	Stayed here on our honeymoon for two evenings before heading to other parts of California. actually in  not  Originally booked other hotel but upon arrival realized it was in a HORRIBLE section of SF and so we drove around and happened upon the Argent. They were so nice and did everything to reassure us about our trip and SF. They helped us organize activities and transportation to and from those activities. Would return again in a heartbeat.	
   	Great Hotel	This was my second stay at the Westin ket Street and once again I was very happy. I booked through Hotwire having to make two arate reservations for a weekend visit. The desk staff was extremely friendly and helpful always smiling and eager to be of assistance - and didnt seem put-out when I requested a late check out. Got one of the odd-shaped corner rooms but all the windows were wonderful. I love the clean contemporary or and the location is excellent. I will definitely try to stay at this hotel whenever I visit San Francisco.	
   	Good In Parts..	Booked the Westin with Expedia and paid extra for a quotGrand Deluxequot room. the rooms get more expensive the higher up you go and a Grand Deluxe was described as being between floors  and . We particularly wanted to be as high as possible within our budget and overlooking the city skyline.We arrived around pm and upon checking in asked to be put as high up as possible. The receptionist told us he had a room on the nd floor as someone hadnt turned up and it was now available. We were delighted he tapped away on the computer and gave us our keys.... for a room on the th I challenged this and asked about the room he had just mentioned on floor  and he said he couldnt give us that as it was allocated to another guest and assured us that he had given us one of the best rooms in the hotel. Too tired to argue we accepted.The room on floor  overlooked the Yerba Buena gardens and a ground level building site which is immediately behind the hotel. Beds were fine but the shower curtain was hanging off the rail and the water level in the toilet bowl was so high that you almost got wet when you sat on the loo there was only one bathrobe supplied and the towels were a bit on the sparse side. We stayed there for the night and tried again at reception the following morning. We were told to leave our packed cases in the room and they would be moved to an alternative room by the time we came back from sightseeing in the afternoon.You guessed it we came back around pm asked at the desk and clearly nothing had been done. We were found a room on floor  but had to move our own luggage which I thought was a bit much given that the foyer is swarming with door staff cocierges and bell boys Overall the reception staff were a bit aloof... not the sort of service i was expecting really.The new room was identical to the other one just higher up. The bathroom was in a better condition but still only one robe was supplied and again the number of towels seemed rather mean. We never got our city skyline views bit the view from the back of the hotel over the Yerba Buena gardens Moscone Centre and the bay in the distance was nice.We experienced the creaking of the hotel later in the week when the wind was really high mentioned by another reviewer but it wasnt an issue at all and not loud enough to disturb. We also experienced the fire alarm but were allowed to stay in our room until the hotel had checked it out and we were told it was a false alarm due to a problem in the garage. All of this was done over a PA system in the room.. very efficient and we were pleased not to have to walk down  flights.We didnt use the restaurent way too expensive for anyone not on a business expense account Breakfast items were individually priced and franky outrageous. There is a starbucks a pizza restaurent a Subway and a well stocked deli immediately outside the hotel so getting supplies to use in the room room isnt a problem. The mini bar is overpriced as is usually the case with hotels.The day before we left i asked the guy who looked after the door how much time to allow for a cab to get to the airport during rush hour. He asked when we were leaving and said he would be on the door and would arrange for us to use the hotel limo as it was free. I took this to mean it was complimentary but when we arrived at the airport we were told the fare was  dollars Thats more than a cab and I felt we had been misled somewhat. Beware if you are offered this service. It was nice to travel in style but youll pay extra for it.So positivesGreat locationComfortable beds - and you can have a change of bedlinen every day if you want it.Fire alarm handled well.NegativesReception staff aloof and not very efficientProblems with initial check in and subsequent moveCharges for limo service not made clear.Breakfast prices outrageous.Overall it was fine but I would look for an alternative hotel next time I visit.	
   	Great location but lacking...	My wife and I stayed at the Westin ket Street about . weeks ago over the weekend. The main reason I chose to stay there was a the great location for shopping and b the entabove average reviews on TA and c because Im an SPG Gold Member. I went ahead and booked a Deluxe King Corner Room thinking that sounded pretty nice and a definite upgrade on the standard Kings..boy was I wrong.Let me back up though. Indeed the Westin is very well positioned just off ket Street on th. Its a great spot not only to head out shopping for the day but also is a little less scary then a few blocks north up towards the Tenderloin where a number of big chain hotels are. The building itself is modern and the lobby is clean and functional. We were checked in and recognised as Gold Members and everything seemed to be fine.Unfortunately when we got to the room we discovered that our upgraded Deluxe Corner room was certainly not on the corner and looked like a standard King at best. I immediately went down to the front desk to only be told that I not only was in an upgraded room but this room was an upgrade on the one Id booked After many discussions and the usual were booked solid so cant move you routine we let it go. TIP Be sure to triple check the room type you wantbook..it is very easy to be fooled into thinking youre getting more then you areThis being said the room was fine and clean although the bathroom was hardly what Id called upgraded and certainly not up to the dozens of Westins Ive stayed in around the world. The gym was ent although small but the bar downstairs was lively on the Saturday night and the staff fantastic.Overall the stay was ent but certainly below expectations for this price point and this chain. Redefined what a quotroom upgradequot means	
   	NEVER stay at this hotel	The Westin Hotel at ket street is a hotel to avoid at ALL costs.Its a very very very OLD Hotel which the Westin have taken over off another chain and i wish they hadntIts possibly the worst stay and hotel i have ever stayed in.The Hotel shakesrattles and rolls in wind....YES...the whole building makes strange noises and if like me you are a light sleeperyou cannot sleep through it.Hotels explaination is all Hotels in SF are old and they all shakerattle and roll.The Hotel completely refunded my stay to their credit although even this required follow up by me to get all of the credit due.And such a shame as location is good and some of the staff were lovely except for the Night Manager who should be sacked.The lady manager who helped me at am in the morning was lovely and was understanding saying many people were complaining of the same thing.Stay at this hotel at your own perilI moved to the Hyatt Regency in SF and that Hotel was greatI am sorry Westin but this Hotel should be shut downAnd i have not even started on the rooms.Just do NOT stay there	
  	Nice room in great location	My husband and I stayed here for four nights after booking through Hotwire. The location is excellent between Union Square and Moscone Center and one block from the subway. Someone complained about noise in a review but if youre staying in the heart of a big city how can you possibly expect it to be quiet We were on the th floor so we didnt hear too much noise anyway. Our room was spacious nicely furnished and the mattress was very comfortable. The bed linens were of good quality and there was a down comforter. The room had the usual amenities coffee maker iron and ironing board hair dryer and the towels were thick. My only complaint is that the bathroom the room that contains the toilet and bathtub--the sink was in an alcove outside the bathroom was extremely tiny. I literally had to move my body sideways to get the door open from the inside or there would have been no room to open the door without smashing it in my face. We had a corner room so perhaps the bathroom in those rooms is smaller. Also there were no towel racks by the sink so we had to leave our hand towels on the counter. Otherwise we were happy with the room.When we received our bill under the door we saw that we were charged  to receive two packages. These fees had not been disclosed so we complained upon checkout and the front desk clerk removed the fee without an argument. Internet access is  per day from your room. The business center fees are steep but you can print your airline boarding passes for free.Overall the service was good. The concierge recommended an excellent though expensive seafood restaurant in the area called Farollan. I dont think Im spelling it correctly... and the bell desk got us a taxi to take us to the airport its cheaper than taking the house car which is a limo in the morning. Our Hotwire rate for this property was  a night which is very inexpensive for San Francisco. The regular rate is around  a night which is way too expensive for us but if I got this property again on Hotwire or Priceline I would be happy.	
   	Windy Westin	My girlfriend and I stayed in the Westin for a few days - during our recent trip to San Francisco. The hotel is in good condition and the rooms are small but definitely reasonable. Unfortunately when we were there it was exceptionally windy. This wind caused the hotel to literally creek moan and make endless amounts of noise. It was really crazy. We called the front desk to explain the situation. They were not willing to give us another room. I gave it some more time and the noises still didnt stop. As a result I went to discuss the situation with the front desk. The man at the desk was understanding and helpful. He gave us another room and there was thankfully no more noise issues. . .that is until that night. . .the fire alarm went off later that evening. A series of announcements followed and we were told that there was an issue in the garage but not to worry. These things happen but it was just the cherry on the top of a loud day.Overall the hotel is nice the service was ent but I would not stay there again. There are so many hotels in and around Union Square that Id just assume try somewhere else.	
   	Excellent Location Nice Property	I stayed at the Westin SF ket Street while attending a three day conference at that hotel. In contrast to the Westin St. Francis not too many blocks away the Westin SF ket Street feels like a smaller boutique hotel even though it is  floors high emphasizing a more modern cutting edge style. I enjoyed my stay immensely and will try to use this as my hotel of choice in San Francisco.ADVANTAGES Great location one block off of ket Street at the Kearnyrd St and ket intersection. Union Square is an easy walk going North across ket St. and Moscone CenterSFMOMA one block in the other direction. BART is two blocks away making access to the Westin easy to from SFO. Spacious rooms mine was --top floor with a view looking South with all the appropriate accessories including HD screen and fantastically comfortable Heavenly Bed. Very well equipped  hour fitness center with five treadmills three ellipticals three cycles and various weight equipment. All have built-in video monitors and headphones are provided. Fitness center is complimentary which is a distinct difference from the Westin St. Francis where there is a fairly steep daily charge. Excellent service--my HD display wasnt working the day I arrived and a call to quotservice expressquot brought an engineer within  minutes. He tightened a connection and ran through with me how to navigate the screen menu. Very helpful and friendly DUCCA Restaurant in the hotel is fabulous Cool hip setting e.g. clusters of whimsical and colorful Murano glass chandeliers with a menu emphasizing seafood--and reasonably priced with entrees in the - range. Cocktails that must be double-sized My Bombay Sapphire tini was enormousDISADVANTAGES Bathroom is rather small but the glass-enclosed shower is cool. Wireless internet access somewhat slow is day. Minibar and items in the open all mounted on a sensing platform that automatically charges your account if you so much as pick up an item. I was afraid to even touch them A notice gratuitously states that the automatic charge is for your convenience Sounds just like airline doublespeak.Overall in my mind the advantages far outweigh the few negaives.	
   	Bad Customer Service	Stayed there for business. Gave them a CC for incidentals but charged entire room amount to my card plus  extra. The reason I received two answers first we were told the woman who checked us in was quotin trainingquot and did everything wrong. Secondly they said quotit wasnt our fault you didnt fill out the paperwork.quot Prior to checking in they hadnt sent any paperwork to our company nor did they ask for any when we checked in. Since then weve called to rectify and have since gotten the run around about getting the charges reversed. Its a beautiful hotel and normally I would give them an excellent rating but since having gone through this experience I dont think our company will be staying there any longer.	
  	Good Stay at the Westin	Stayed at the Westin ket Street on Valentines Day  and hotel stay was perfect. Newly reated room was spotlessly clean very nice modern furnishings floor-to-ceiling windows with great views comfortable quotheavenlyquot bed and had good amenities for both leisure and business travelers except Internet for a fee. Location is good amp very easy walking to MOMA and shopping. Did not use room service or restaurant so no comment. All staff was friendly polite and accommodating. Would definitely stay again and recommend to my friends.	
   	Not Impressed...Stayed at Better Hotels	It seems the hotel was fully booked the first week of il and the only room I could get was on the th floor. I requested a higher floor but was told nothing was going to open for a few days. We did arrive early and was accomodated with rooms. The hotel was average nothing spectacular about it. I am not much of a person to spend time in a hotel anyway especially when in San Francisco. The room was noisy from the street sirens and the view wasnt great. Higher floor rooms are probably better. It was clean and the housekeeping service was great be sure to tip them. I didnt use room service but the room beside me used it constantly and the doors banging closed were extremely loud.The location was good...go get the muni pass for  for  days. You can ride on anything except Bart all week. Overall I would say this hotel was okay if you can get a reasonable rate.	
   	Great New WI in SFO	I was very pleased with this hotel. In a bit of confusion thought I had confirmed the Westin St Francis. I stayed at the hotel when it was the LArgent. I was impressed with the Westin takeover . The valet let me park my rental car in the front while I checked in. The front desk was very professional helpful and friendly when US Airways vacations failed to confirm our room. There was no wait arguement or problem. The room was spacious had a great view and quiet. The in room coffee was great. We ate breakfast in the hotel and the food was excellent. The price was typical for a hotel stay on the expensive side. The gym was large and had several types of equipment. It was stocked with towels and has a great set of weights. The location is great it is a  minute walk from the cable cars and Union Square. There is allot of great shopping near the hotel. There was only small concern I rented a car as I took a day trip to Carmel. Parking is a nighte in downtown SFO. The hotel charged . per night. The valet was kind enough to advise a city parking garage next door to the hotel that charged only  dollars per day. It was my own fault since a car is not a necessity in San Francisco. This is a welcome addtion to the Starwood family	
   	Beware the Fees	I was at the hotel for a conference at Moscone Center earlier this week. Generally the hotel gets high ks for location cleanliness designor service etc. However the fees they charge are borderline outlandish. Examples. Internet Service -  per day. Should be free. Max Ive seen anywhere is  per day.. quotPackage Handlingquot Fee - Charged me  simply to receive a FedEx package at the concierge desk. Outrageous. Sort of like American Airlines charging to use Skycaps except worse at  per bag. Tips only please.. Business Center - Charged something like . per page for black and white printouts. Go across the street to the copy center.. Bottled Water -  for a mini bottle at the mini-bar no freebie offered. Would be a nice and inexpensive touch to offer at least one ent bottle free. Competitors do it. Go next door to the nice little deli t and pick up a  liter bottle for .Apart from the fees the other little nuisance is their booking policies. I could not book a room a week early directly with Westin because they were sold out. However I could book through Expedia so clearly they are selling blocks of rooms to Expedia confirmed by front desk. It is fine or even wise for a hotel to do this to guarantee occupancy. However they go the extra and offensive step here by using these Expedia blocks to manage their placement of guests. They could not give me a King Bed room despite the fact that I had selected a higher quotpremiumquot room with a King Bed and paid more than the basic room. They also placed me near roaring elevators claiming there were no other rooms. When I resisted on both fronts they essentially said quotdont blame us blame Expedia - room types are not guaranteed through Expediaquot.Its one thing to sell room blocks to manage occupancy quite another to willingly sell rooms off to a third party forcing others to book through that third party because you are sold out and then blame the third party for their own lack of proper inventory management.Notably after more fuss a quieter room away from the elevators magically appeared.	
  	My Personal Choice for SF	Location is right off rd and ket St. Right in the Financial district. Easily accessible to the BART stations shopping in the Union Square area and the restaurants and arts in the SOMA area. Rooms were very clean and crisp. Beds are great. Furnishing is simple and modern. Businessy to Chic. Bathrooms were above average.	
  	great hotel great location	ive stayed at this hotel multiple times. the last time was with a group of girlfriends~ we had a blast. the location is great for walking to the westfield mall and union sqaure. the room is very nice and there always seems to be a great room offer	
   	Great for business travel	This hotel has been tuned to the business traveler - ergonomic work chair wifi although for a fee good lighting plenty of outlets etc. The Heavenly beds are fantastic and the room was pretty spacious. Its easy to get a cab out front or walk easily to many nearby attractions. The front desk staff was courteous and quick. Overall a pleasant stay.	
   	Wonderful	I wanted to let you know what a wonderful stay we had at your Westin Hotel on  third St. You have a wonderful staff and wonderful accomidations. Out of all the hotels Ive stayed in yours is by far the best. Thank you. Keep it up. Best E. Rothwell	
   	Excellent hotel	Everyone of the hotel staff is excellent surpass expectations. Room was fabulous exactly as I requested. Very modern cheery location was perfect  Highly recommended	
   	Overpriced and behind the times	The Westin ket Street in San Francisco is a nice enough hotel but the first thing you discover is that much of the stuff that normally comes included with your room at other hotels costs extra at the Westin and this quickly starts to leave a sour taste in the mouth. Breakfast is not included with the room and the menu prices are horrendous -  for a bowl of Special K The Wi-Fi service offered by the hotel is also extra -  a day for a pretty slow connection with an awkward and clunky login procedure. This in combination with the lack of electrical outlets in the room make this hotel seem very behind the times when you consider all the electronics that the typical business or even personal traveler might carry nowadays. In this day and age Wi-Fi in most places is pretty much a necessity like running water in the bathroom and hotels that keep charging for it as if it were some great luxury simply brand themselves as dinosaurs. The rooms at the Westin are comfortable but bland and impersonal. The Westin charges a very upscale rate for a hotel that has few distinguishing amenities - not even a pool for example - and their policy of pricing extra for all the stuff that other hotels give you with the room definitely left us feeling somewhat disappointed.	
  	Convenient and Comfortable	I would like to extend my sympathy to the previous reviewers whose reservations were canceled by this hotel if future travelers are planning to stay here I suggest calling the Westin ket Street three days prior to your arrival as a precaution.My mother and I stayed here for her birthday trip and other than the aforementioned acknowledgement were very pleased with this hotel. The location is great for those planning on visiting the Union Square area shopping on ket Street and reaching Fishermans Wharf within a ten-fifteen minute cab ride. China Town and North Beach are also a short commute away. However the name of this hotel is misleading the building and entrance is located on THIRD STREET less than half a block off of ket. On account of my moms birthday we were upgraded to a thirty-second floor bay-view room which was very comfortable. The posh beds plasma TV and easy-to-use coffee maker with Starbucks coffee were all impressive not to mention the view. Unfortunately the tub did not drain properly and one had to shower standing in two inches of water so I do not rate this hotel as excellent. We tried the restaurant Ducca once for a breakfast buffet at . per person I suggest either ordering a la carte or simply going elsewhere as the buffet is overpriced for the food selection limited hot selection and fruit. There are plenty of cafes and restaurants within walking distance including several Starbucks stores. Overall I would recommend this hotel based on my experience but am concerned that the reservation cancellations noted by previous reviewers  be a typical occurrence. Call to confirm your reservations a few days before arrival if you do ide to book	
   	Converted from another hotel - needs more work	This hotel was converted from another hotel brand within the last  - months or so. However it did not feel like a Westin - from the rude front desk staff to the lack of helpful doormen the service at this Westin was really lacking and not up to par with other Westins - I suspect this is one of those licensed properties and not under the direct control of Starwood. This is reflected in the standards of service which were low. The room was ok - i was on a high floor as a Starwood Platinum. LCD TV in the room nice bed and individual coffee maker was nice. Bathroom was small and wireless internet was always weak signal the entire time and it kept disconnecting. When you pay  or so you expect that the signal is strong and that it doesnt keep dropping you. I had to ask for the toiletries to be replaced since the maid didnt replenish shampoo or shower gel. Room service menu is limited and expensive - plenty of nearby restaurants thankfully. Location of the hotel is great as long as you dont expect the staff to go out of its way to help you. Have already changed my future reservations for San Francisco to stay elsewhere.	
   	cancelled without notice or negotiation	quotYour reservation was cancelled.quot This was the greeting we and many others suffered on arrival at the front desk of the SF Westin ket street property. We were in SF for a professional meeting that I had scheduled in tember we reserved and paid in full for our room on ember th through WWTE an Expedia affiliate. We were told that the Hotel had ided to cancel resevations quotrandomly based on use paternsquot due to a overbooking situation that they claimed was due to a quottechnical errorquot.Tthey had informed Expedia of the cancelations expecting them to notify those cancelled. The hotel had overbooked - rooms and did not discover it untill a week or two prior to the meeting.The Hotel denied any responsibility for notifying us of their ision nor did they feel the situation was up for negotiation even though they had accepted payment in full over five months earlier. We were left at the front desk with the offer of alternative housing at an airport area hotel for the same price - minutes away. There was no negotiation for us just quotIm sorry there is nothing else we can do you have been cancelled and reassigned to the airport hotelwe  offer you a complimentry one night stay here in the futurequot. We were not alone in this situatuion as others came from a great distance and got the same message some from the UK that had no other options but to accept such poor treatment. We were all informed at the front desk and left in the lobby we were abandonded and disrespected by the management of this hotel. They let their front desk people do the painful task of informing the guests of their ision and then taking the reaction in a public place while they sat in thier offices. We have stayed at many Starwood properties in the past including this specific hotel in ember  and have been pleased with their quality and service but his was our worst travel experience .	
   	Great but Expensive	The location is fantastic the rooms are chic. The bar is a happening place or at least it was on a Saturday nightt. I particularly liked the room off the lobby where one can sit and relax. The restaurant seemed reasonably priced  for mains  for entrees. BUT I think USD for bottled water is excessive goodness the wine was only USD a glass.  The service is efficient but disinterested. Having just come from the Affinia Dumont NYC perhaps I have been a bit too spoiled--the staff there really went out of their way to assist. Okay the negatives. The  hour business center charges before one can even log on--I didnt bother so I have no idea what the costs are. The  per day internet charge is not good especially as it wasnt wireless--even though the front desk assured me it was. All hotels in this price range should not charge for internet. I just stayed in a Hilton where ALL business services were free. Overall the nickel and dime-ing just plain bugged me. And I wasnt the only one...someone in the elevator was suggesting to others a hotspot for some free wireless time. I will stay again but only if I can get a good deal -- I certainly wouldnt pay more than  per night--its just not that special.	
   	Good value	Stayed here for one night on business in ruary . Having previously stayed at the Westin St Francis on Union Square I noticed that the ket Street Westin wasnt as well located and on a Thursday night the walk from the hotel to the Westfield mall passed by a few unsavoury characters on ket StreetStill the location is very handy to the shopping on ket Street the cable car and about  mins to Union Square and this Westin is less expensive than the St Francis.My room was # and even through the double glazing I could hear the hum of the large air-conditioning units outside on the roof a few floors down. If you are a light sleeper this could bother you.The room was a good size dominated by a huge plasma tv however the bathroom was very small. The bed was incredibly comfortable. From a business perspective the desk was nice and large with a proper ergonomic desk chair. Internet access was about day.I ordered room service breakfast for am the earliest time that they cater to and was disappointed to be told that I wouldnt be able to have oatmeal as it was only available after .am. As I was leaving for the airport about that time I ordered muesli instead - but was delighted the next morning to get my breakfast delivered  mins early AND a hot bowl of oatmeal. A small favour perhaps but it felt like personalised treatment and I appreciated the extra effort from the staff.	
   	They Cancelled My Confirmed Pre-Paid Reservation  Days Before I Arrived	I know what youre thinking. That cant be possible. Well I would never have thought a hotel especially a -star Westin would act in such a sleazy manner but it is % true.I booked my stay over two months in advance and pre-paid my reservation. I received a reservation and a confirmation number from the hotel. Then two days before my arrival when I called the hotel as a courtesy to inform them I would be arriving late they said my reservation was cancelled. When I pressed for how this could happen I was told that the hotel was overbooked and there was nothing they could do to accomodate me. Making matters even worse is the fact that the hotel did not even call me to let me know they cancelled me. They were perfectly content to let me fly six hours to San Francisco and arrive at midnight only to then tell me I had no place to stay.It is painfully obvious that they cancelled my reservation because I was at a less expensive rate since I booked two months early than what they could get from someone else booking last-minute. I am still in shock by their actions and by there total disregard of customer service including their refusal to do anything to accomodate me such as finding a room in a nearby hotel. Beware if you book with Westin...you might not have a room when you show up	
  	Great hotel and location	The Westin ket street is probably my favorite among the W Hotel Westin St Francis Grand Hyatt and Palace Hotel in San Francisco. It has nice modern clean rooms. It is next to ket Street near Yerba Buena gardens and a short walk from the Financial  Embarcadero area. The staff is friendly and helpful. The workout facility is clean and has plenty of equipment so that you shouldnt need to go elsewhere for a workout. The XYZ restaurant at the W Hotel nearby is a better dining option than the Westin hotel itself.	
  	Great Place To Stay	While traveling to San Francisco on business I stayed at the Westin on ket Street. This hotel was extremely clean and the staff was great. It was well within walking distance from China Town and the office. The only complaint was that I had to pay for internet access. For the price internet should have been included.	
   	Great experience	We stayed at the Westin ket St. over Presidents Day weekend. Wed asked for adjoining or connecting rooms but were upgraded to a suite and adjoining king at the end of a hall. There was absolutely no noise from rooms next to or above us and the only street noise was the fire trucks that ran down rd St. frequently.Our rooms were spotless and trust me as I check under beds and behind bathroom doors and well appointed. Having the living room was nice because we seemed to end up back at the hotel for an hour or so before dinner. We had a great view of the bay ATampT Park a bit of the Bay Bridge and downtown. We could even watch the ice skating next to the Moscone Center at nightWe only used the concierge for a few minor things--getting our boarding numbers for our flight making dinner reservations once and checking directions a few times. They did write out multi-stop directions for my husband and dhter. The young man who gave us directions our first night there was all attitude but the two young women who worked Sunday were very friendly and knowledgeable.We had the buffet breakfast once and thought it overpriced but when we got double billed and called the front desk about it they apologized and removed the charge completely so for a free meal it was excellentThe location is great. We usually stay at Le Meridien in the Financial District but being right off ket made it easy to get around using the buses and street cars. My only quibble with Westins in general is the extremely crappy bath amenities. I wouldnt use that shampoo on my dog Surely with their emphasis on the spa experience we even had plants in our living room they could come up with something that doesnt leave your hair feeling like a door mat	
   	Very Good stay at the Westin on ket St.	My wife and Istayed at the Westin for three days  -  and found the hotel to be above average.  Check-in was quick and they gave us a choice of King bed or two Queen beds.  Room was clean safe didnt work was fixed within  minutes. There was a large screen plasma TV. Extra coffee on request was provided. Bed was comfortable linens were of good quality made up daily.  Hotel staff was prompt and courteous. Hotel was close to Union Square and cable car line close to SF Museum of Modern Art close to the Ferry Bld. Just a cable car ride away from Chinatown and Fishermans Wharf. In house limo service provided for return to airport for  more than a cab. Driver was great. A few cons Street noise was noticable . We were on the th floor quieted down by . We had breakfast there the food was good but as in general for the Westin pricey. In room bar fridge overpriced but convenient has an automated system and we were charged for one drink we didnt have. Stores are close just around the corner. Area tips We ate across the street at the California Pizza Kitchen fusion style menu. Food was good and priced okay. We also ate at Lefty ODoules big comfort food menu by Union Square. Unique sports or self-serve food good sized portions fresh bread. Try it--priced under  for good-sized sandwich and side. If you stay for more than a couple of days and dont have a car get a transit pass. Lets you use cable cars and buses. Bart is extra. Car parking is expensive  at the hotel  across the street and the streets are tough to navigate. We give the hotel our recommendation and would stay there again.	
   	Okay but not great	Recently stayed at this hotel for  nights and I thought my stay was okay but nothing great. Good points the Heavenly Bed and good location. Negative points service was ent but not great maid service was spotty and I thought the food was okay but really expensive. Overall not a bad hotel but for the price I paid I think Ill try somewhere else next time I go back to San Fran.Tips if you have a car park across the street because the hotel parking is  a day and youll save about . Also if you eat in the restaurant and youre wearing black ask for a black napkin. I ate breakfast at the restaurant one morning and was covered in tiny white pieces of thread from the white napkin I used. When I told the hostess she said that they had black napkins that I could have used but was never told about them.	
   	Pretty good BUT	Mostly good review. We had  connected rooms since there were  adults  toddler and  baby. The rooms were nice but basic. The beds are comfortable and that is coming from someone who does not sleep well away from home.We got a great rate on Hotwire - . per night per room. I am an avid runner and I found the treadmills to be awesome in the workout room.OK - the not so good.The bellhops are not helpful at all. They helped me by opening the door and I did the rest of the loading. Then when he came to the room the key did not work so he had the cleaning lady open the door but he promised to return with a reprogrammed key - after  minutes we went down and got it ourselves.Paying  per day for internet access is a total ripoff. The wifi stinks- I am pretty tech savvy and I dont think they have enough access points.Other than that the hotel was clean and quiet conveniently located to Chi town and the docks and across the street from an Office Depot and around the corner from a Kinkos.I would stay there again as long as I brought my own isp card.	
   	Mixed Experience	I stayed at the hotel recently for  nights so got a good dose of a highly variable experience. THE GOODThe Heavenly Bed is heavenly. Its not that these beds are overtly super-comfortable or luxurious its just that I effortlessly went to sleep without once thinking about it. Almost like freakin magic. Amazing.The gym is ent. Not amazing but better than average. The running machines need better maintenance.The restaurant for bfast is also ent and above average for the price point.THE BADI had an order from Amazon.com shipped to the hotel which Amazon split into  deliveries. The hotel had the audacity to charge me  for each small box or  to receive  in CDs Absolutely criminal if you ask me. The concierge refused to reduce the charge to one  delivery fee which is bad enough. In addition they charged me for  in minibar charges when I had exactly  worth of items.Worst they charged me twice on the same day for Internet access and refused to deduct one of the two charges.The Heavenly Shower is not bad but an overengineered gimmick. Theyd be better off with rainshower heads in my personal opinion.OVERALLThe hotel is good looking and has a pretty good position in town. The staff are unacceptably rude for a hotel of this cost and class. Put simply there are plenty of better options not far away. I have no plans on returning but hopefully they will improve with time.	
   	would have been terrible if I had paid the full price	We have experienced unpleasant service not normally expected from any level of hotels. I have experienced the first time a rude operator in the Westin ket Street. I didnt know until then that this kind of operator exists in the hotel    in the morning. The survival of anything in westin environmentKey box in my room didnt work   and a mechanic fixed it. It took  - min. A security called hotel manager so that he or she can arrange for us a place to wait in but manager was not available and didnt apologize in any way later.Maid service was not consistent failing to provide some trivial supply such as hand towels one day and some other the next day etc.The service at the Argonaut Hotel  - was much better and this contrasted the loose service of the westin.Otherwise I think that you  get what you can expect from - star hotels.	
   	Good Experience	We stayed here for two nights in the summer. Location was great Most attractions and shopping were right around the corner. Checking in was fast and the person at the desk was very nice. However when my boyfriend wanted to cash his travelers checks a day later the man at the desk was rude and acted like it was a HUGE inconvenience. We had a excellent view on the nd floor. Although the room was spacious and very clean I have to admit that the furnishings and the room itself were old and worn out. The bathroom especially was showing its wear and tear. On the other hand the bed was very comfortable. If you book make sure to request a reated room.	
   	Loved it	My cousin amp I spent  nights at the Westin on ket Street in San Francisco uary -  . It was a great experience. The staff was friendly and the bellman was helpful in giving directions and the scoop on the town. The hotel is a short cab ride from the piers and cost about . not including gratuity. There is a California Pizza Kitchen Subway and a Starbucks directly across the street. Just a few steps around the corner was a -. GREAT GREAT location accommodations and close to everything. We had the buffet breakfast and it was ok. Would recommend going somewhere else for breakfast. Did not eat any other meals there so I cannot rate any of the other food. Cannot wait to go back and I would stay there again in a heartbeat Happy Traveling	
   	Will Stay Here Again	First off I am a Gold Starwood Prefered Guest. I used my points to get a room for one night. If you are a SPG using points I highly recommend calling to book your room. We got an upgrade that was unavailable on the SPG website. I got a corner King Suite on the th floor. The hotel was built in il  and everything was like new. Service was excellent. When I checked in the front desk ordered a rollaway for the room. It promptly arrived no more than  minutes when I walked in the room. Great location If you are driving I would park across the street. We paid  day. Not bad for the city. Everything about the hotel was great and I would Definitely stay here again.	
   	Great place to stay	Booked a great deal through expedia. This hotel is centrally located for all the shops. Clean well maintained friendly staff and AMAZING beds. Westin promote their beds as an experience and they truly are I wouldnt hesitate in recommending this hotel.	
   	Very Nice for picky snob.	This hotel was very nice. I am a snob when it comes to my hotel rooms and this hotel was perfect for me. We got an awesome deal with Hotwire and they upgraded us because I was a Starwood prefered guest. But I think if they can they will upgrade anyone. Every employee was super nice. Service was above average. The location was unbeatable and the food was increadable. I really loved this hotel and San Francisco was so much fun.	
  	Better the Second Time Around	I stayed at the Westin ket Street for  days and really enjoyed my stay. The concierge was extremely helpful recommending and making reservations at several wonderful restaurants including Tommy Toys. Much better than when I stayed here for several days back in tember and the service was terrible totally unresponsive.	
   	Great Location Great Stay	We stayed here for  nights in y and had a fabulous time. The hotel is close to Union Square where there are lots of shops to be found. We ordered room service breakfast one morning and although it was on the slightly pricey side the service and food were excellent. The hotel itself has character and we found the concierge extremely helpful. The only downside was the room location it was close to the elevator shaft which we found a little noisy throughout the night. We would just make sure next time we stay here we got a room a little further away from the elevators.The rooms and beds especially are fantastic and we loved the floor to ceiling windows. The bathroom was elegant and plenty of accessories were provided. The Westin ket St is exceptional and great value for the quality offered.	
   	Great location great room great service.	When we first arrived at the hotel my initial impression was not that great. I felt the hotel lobby was dark cold and not at all welcoming. We had requested a room a high floor to make the most of the city views however althogh the room was on a high floor the room was on the back of the building looking over a very non -descript view to say the least. We did request another room with a front facing view which the staff more than happily arranged and our new view was spectacular so if you are fussy about the view from your room request a front facing high floor room. The room itself was very comfortable and the mattress on the bed was to die for. The consierge at the hotel were very helpful. My only critism of the hotel is the restaurant. It was not only over-priced but very pretencious and I fely I was sitting in a wind tunnel. Yes Ok the food was alright but this is San Francisco there are plenty of better and cheaper places to eat please learn from our mistake The location is great for the public transport links and we found it ideal to use as a base to explore the city. I would definetly stay at this hotel again in the future. We did all the tourist destinations and planned for many before hand via the internet so please feel free to email me should you want some information. One must is to hire a bike and cycle over the Golden Gate Bridge to the village of Sausilito. This was definetly a highlight of the trip.	
   	Great Location	This hotel is in a prime location Only  blocks to Union Square where all the shopping is Macys Virgin Records Apple Westfield Mall etc. And only a  minute walk to China Town which I highly recommend. There are many great restaurants around as well. The BART station is just around the corner. The hotel is VERY clean and the staff was excellent. The concierge was very knowledgeable and knew where everything was.The beds were very comfortable and the t.v. was very large for an average size room. Our room was on the th floor and the view was quite a sight I would return to this hotel many times	
   	Not the Westin Service You would expect	. Rude front desk. Breakfast buffet has very few choices. Valet Parking takes forever. Rooms are ok but lack of attention i.e. no cotton balls not q tips no shoe shine no in room slippers	
   	I loved this hotel	We stayed here for three nights and I didnt want to leave. It is in a really convenient location and was very comfortable. The room was beautiful and staff very professional and obliging. I highly recommend it.	
   	Great view location bed staff	This property was recently reated and is very comfortable for business or leisure. The beds are quotheavenlyquot showers with dual Speakman heads plasm TVs with cable complimentary fitness center and terrific location near shopping public transportation and restaurants. The entire staff professionally accomodated our every request promptly and we had many. The hotel is conveniently located in an upscale area of Union Square with wonderful views of the Bay Bridge and the city--the higher the floor the better. The valet parking entrance is on Third away from the loud busy tourist area which did get a bit congested on Saturday with cars entering the city. I recommend the Westin %	
   	Westin a great hotel.	We had a great visit at the Westin - service was excellent room was lovely food great. Very cool modern lobby. No complaints - very pleasant	
  	Enjoyed our stay	We got a really good rate of night on hotwire. We werent expecting much but we really enjoyed our room. We had a huge comfortable quotheavenly bedquot large flat screen television huge desk and nice bathroom. We didnt eat in the restaurant or go to the bar. The location was convenient. Lots of shops and places to eat within walking distance. The only complaint was that parking was expensive but that is typical to San Francisco. I would recommend this hotel especially if you get a good rate.	
   	Very Comfortable Good location for shops	Stayed at the Westin ket St used to be the Argent for a couple of nights before travelling onward to NZ. The hotel enjoys a good location near to the BART station  mins to the airport and a stones throw from the shops Union Sq and cable car stops. The rooms are very comfortable great quotheavenlyquot beds with floor to ceiling windows and nice what looked like newly furnished bathrooms. We ate in the restaurant for breakfast on one of the days which was excellent. I would recommend the hotel as a great base for exploring the city.	
  	Westin ket St. Hotel	Stay- ember -  couples  rooms amp  ToddlerWe had a fantastic experience at the Westin ket Street in San Francisco. . Excellent service- we arrived very early am from the airport and just wanted to check our bags but they checked to see if a room was available and one was so they let us check in. Our other family was arriving later in the day and we checked them in as well as requesting a crib. No problems with this and the crib was exactly what they needed. No moving sides though so if your baby cannot sit or stand up on their own it might be hard to get them out. They also requested a fridge to keep the babys milk cold and it arrived in a timely manner as well. . LocationThe hotel is located just off of ket St. on rd. It was a block and a half from the Montgomery BART station and directly on the line for the trolly cars and the # bus that took us around town. It was a quick - minute walk to Union Square and had many restaurants in close vicinity. . ComfortThe legendary beds at the Westin were great Super comfy pollows and beds. Our bathroom was tiny but clean and the maid staff was super friendly. A quotpodquot coffee and tea machine was free in the room and when we asked the maids for more of both tea and coffee they gave us tons My husband even liked the shampooOur one issue with the hotel was the mini fridge. They had the normal stocked fridge with the weight sensitive billing process. When we arrived there was an item missing from one of our rooms. We called this down immediately but it did show up on a bill when we were ready for checkout. When we called the front desk however they took care of the problem right away with no fuss.Overall this was an EXCELLENT experience and I would definitely try to stay at this hotel again. We got an amazing deal on hotwire. Highly recommended.	
   	Loved everything about it	Stayed at this property for three nights in tember and absolutely loved the place Probably one of the best hotels I’ve stayed at in the US. We booked though Hotwire but still got a gorgeous Starwood Preferred Guest room on a high floor when we checked in. It was a new modern and very spacious room with a huge ceiling to floor window. The view from our room was totally breathtaking. We checked in around midnight and couldn’t get a kingbed but settled with two queens. No problem since the queen was like a kingbed by European Standards. I can ensure you that the beds were heavenly just like stated in the Westin commercial Very relaxing The location of the hotel was super brilliant just two blocks or so from NordstromBloomingdales and Union Square. You can more or less walk everywhere in SF from Westin or take the BART or a trambus if your legs hurt Chinatown is also very close by. The only thing I can complain about was the internet-connection. Paid a fortune to log on but the connection was horrible. Didn’t even get to check my own e-mail. So stay away from the internet and park your car at the car park directly across the road. It’ll cost you half of what the hotel’s valet parking charges. I’ll def. stay at Westin ket Street again if I ever get the chance to go back to beautiful SF and would highly recommend it to everyone else.	
   	Love This Hotel	This is a very nice place to stay. Theres very little to find fault here. The lobby is beautiful and spacious. Staff is courteous and efficnient. Bar and restaurant are beautiful with a nice selection of food and drink. Great location. The room seems very new and modern. Spacious desk to work. Wish I had a desk-level outlet to plug in my laptop though. Gorgeous bathroom sparkling clean. And the bed. .. ahh the bed. I wish I had one like this at home. I suspect I got a somewhat smaller room because I bought the room on Priceline. But I think many hotels do that. Anyway Id definately stay here again. Thumbs up	
   	Nice Hotel	Nice Hotel and good location. The hotel is not on ket Street as teh name states. It is one block away on third street. Not a big difference.I was upset only by the following. Upon my departure the doorman got me a taxi to the airport. Not only did he accept a gratuity from me but he also not so discreetly took money from the taxi driver. A tip for TripAdvisor readers. There is no need to tip your bellman at this hotel if you are going to SFO. The cab drivers will tip him for you.	
  	Weekend friends getaway	We enjoyed staying at the Westin San Francisco ket Street. The location was superb- walking distance to Union Square China Town and the cable cars to go up to Fishermans Wharf. The rooms were clean and comfortable. We were very well rested after staying in this hotel. We booked this hotel with the winery tour package and got an excellent deal. All in all the Westin San Francisco ket Street made our weekend in San Francisco very enjoyable and extremely relaxing. Highly recommend this hotel.	
  	Nice and comfortable	Although I live in the Bay Area I stayed here for one night as a part of a business function.My room was clean and more spacious than I expected. Super comfortable bed nice linens and pillows. Noise level was low I couldnt hear the people upstairs walking - only people walking by the door in the morning. Dont bother with the restaurant - its overpriced and has a young snotty staff. Great location too nearby shopping restaurants and transportation.	
  	Westin ket Street is nice in San Francisco	I found our stay at the Westin ket Stree to be very pleasant. It is in a good location to the streetcars and the cable cars. Nice for tourists like us. The concierge service was EXCELLENT It was our first time in SF and it was very nice to have such delightful people to help us out. They even helped us get tickets to the Alcatraz Tour The room was nice and clean and the amenities were great. There is a nice restaurant in the hotel which I find very convenient for breakfast. no searching a strange city for food Upon arrival the front desk found out that it was our th anniversary and upgraded us to a higher room for the view. That was the first time any hotel had done this for me. It is a little pricey but I would recommend this hotel to anyone.	
   	good hotel in great location	I have stayed there twice now and have enjoyed both times. The rooms are standard Westing or...modern and clean looking which some  find spartan. Its a great location particularly if you are doing things at Yerba Buena arts center or going to SFMOMA. Also convenient to shopping and public transportation. I ate at the Venetian restaurant Ducca at the hotel and it turned out to be great meal...would highly recommend for the food --its not a generic hotel restaurant. They have a nice outside bar with a fire which would be great weather permitting.The staff has for the most part been very accomodating. The only quibble I would have is the at the latest checkin the front desk made ia big deal about my arriving early and saying the room  not be available. etc. etc. For the life of me cant figure out why they say that without first checking on the room...which was indeed available.	
   	Very nice..impressed	I stayed at the Westin San Francisco ket Street for a couple of nights for a business trip. The rate was a little high but they normally are in San Fran and the hotel was very nice and clean. The room was spacious and very comfortable. The staff was very friendly and I appreciated the doorman offering their limo service to the taxi I was about to take back to the airport. It was a much more comfortable ride for about the same price.	
   	Good Hotel - Great Location	My gf and I stayed here from  to  and thoroughly enjoyed our stay.As as been said before this is priily a business hotel and so the room was therefore rather more functional than anything else. They were however a reasonable size and very clean. The internet access in our room wasnt working but we didnt realise this until our last day and so lined the hotel offer to move rooms.The best thing about this hotel certainly for us was the location. It is situated a few blocks from Union Square with all the associated shopping and restaurants. The cable car line begins a  min walk away although its probably better to walk on to a later stop where you wont have to queue. If you want to get to Fishermans Wharf quicker than by cable car it was only just over  by cab.I would recommend this hotel if you are only staying for a short while but for any longer I would choose one that is more tourist oriented.	
   	Great Base for SF but average room for the money	Good clean hotel. Great lobby but not matched by the functional room which bizzarely had a fridge placed in the middle of the floorGreat beds but the hotel was expensive for the quality of the room. Hotel internet was next to uselessOn the plus side it was a good base for seeing San Fran. Close to the main shopping area and public transport including the trolley bus.	
  	Perfect Hotel	I booked a stay at the West ket Street in SF on . -. It is a GREAT location. Very close to shopping Union Square and Westfield Shopping Center and only a  cab ride to Fishermans Wharf Pier  Ghiradelli Square ect. The BART system is extremely close. Paying a little more for this hotel is worth it because of the location and proximity to all of the tourist attractions. The hotel itself is ctacular. There were a lot of people checking in so it took about - minute to check in but I find that normal for a busy hotel like this. It is better than having no guests and being empty in my opinion. It definately gives it a much more lively and upbeat feeling. The room was smaller than most of the hotels Ive stayed at but very elegant. Simple or yet stylish. The thing I look forward to the most is the Heavenly Bed and it was no exception. I always fall into a deep sleep. Overall I had no complaints. Express checkout was great cause of course it was busy at the front desk. Consierage was very helpful and when I checked out I left my bags at the hotel for free in a room which was great. Stay at this hotel and you will not be disappointed.	
  	Couldnt cool the room	In general I enjoyed my stay at the Westin a lot. The room was extremely clean and the very white duvet felt especially so. The beds were very comfortable. I always want fitted sheets because I roll around a lot and although these were not fitted they were tucked in well enough to stay in place through the night. My beef was that there is a typical thermostat in the room but it seemed that it is set with a very narrow range that the guest can change. I am ALWAYS cold yet I could not turn down the thermostat enough to feel comfortably cool. I cant imagine how a hot blooded person would feel. Finally I turned it down  and still felt hot. This was in a th floor room. I dont know whether theyre all like that. Other things that some prospective guests might be interested in The sink is inside the bathroom so one person cannot be showering while another is outside the bathroom using the sink. The windows go all the way to the floor which is very nice but some parents with young kids might be wary. The plusses were a helpful staff good location and as I said earlier very very clean. Fancy wide screen tv. Internet option was  a day  for wireless.	
   	A Basic Hotel	We stayed at this hotel property this past weekend for one night in a Standard room category. We are Gold Starwood Preferred Guests and this hotel was not able to extend a late check-out nor was it able to upgrade our room category upon arrival. Although I understand that this hotel caters generally to business travelers for leisure travelers I would not pay more than  for a Standard Room even during peak-times in San Francisco. We booked this room initially for over  per night but two days before arrival the rate lowered to  as went as low as  several hours before check-in. For business travelers that will have their expenses reimbursed then I guess it would not matter what rate you are paying. When calling the hotel directly it takes the hotel operator sometimes in excess of  rings to answer a call. I am not sure if this hotel offers its guests Concierge services but I would be sure to inquire about it before making plans to stay here if you are going to require the assistance of a Concierge. We made no use of the fitnessspa or restaurant faculties so I will not comment on those aspects of the hotel. For your information valet parking at this hotel is  per night plus taxes. Hotel accommodation taxes is %. You can park your car across the street in a public parking garage or turn into the Four Seasons alley way and find the Jesse public parking garage where you will pay  max per day. Be advised that the Jesse parking garage closes at  or  and DOES NOT open until the next morning. Your car WILL BE stuck until the next morning so if you will be needing your car throughout the night do not park here. Check-in at this hotel is consistent with any other convention hotel. It was busy and the check-in staff did not honor their priority check-in line for GoldPlatinum Starwood Guest members. The Standard Room we were given was on the lower floors of this  floor hotel and our view was of another rooftops AC unit. We were looking down the alley way of the Four Seasons where their guests bring their cars to valet park. It was really a small room. Generally I prefer to stay at hotels where rooms start out at - sq ft in the Standard Room category but this hotels standard guest room was half that size. There was a king bed a deskchair a dresser with a flat screen television and a bath with showertub combination. It was not very well ventilated even with the air conditioning set at  degrees throughout the entire during of the stay. The toiletries are of the Westin brand variety not really good and all the sheets and towels are available for sale and made exclusively for the Westin hotel chain. If you are a tall individual you  feel that your head  hit the ceilings as they are set really low. We left the DND sign on our door and housekeeping honored the sign so I cant comment on that aspect of the hotels service. You have an option of whether you want your sheets changed daily or left alone for the entire duration of your stay. We did order room service three drinks an entree and one order of an appetizer came up to around  dollars. A significant portion of our bill went to taxes fees and gratuities. The food was average but it did come up in half an hour. The bell-desk is ALWAYS busy. The valet brought up our car in less than five minutes. We were left waiting for a housekeeping attendant to bring down something we left in our room granted it was our fault but it took - minutes from when we made the call for someone to be sent down. I thought it was an excessive amount of time but be it should be expected. Check-out like check-in took a fair amount of time of waiting as well even though there were  front desk agents and  guests in front of us. We waited probably - minutes to check-out. Again they did not honor their priority check-inout line for GoldPlatinum guests. The bill they sent up to our room before check-out was correct so there was no need to dispute anything about the bill. The location is excellent and I it would be a fair assessment to say that this hotel is able to get the job done when all you need is a clean and comfortable place to stay while in San Francisco however if you want a more personable hotel this is not the place to stay. And like I mentioned above for leisure travelers do NOT pay more than  for a Standard Room I assure you unless you are upgraded to a better room you will regret it as the price is not consistent with the value that you  expect. I know I would have been mad had I paid  for this room.	
   	Nice base for SF activities	Stayed at the Westin ket street for two days in SF before a friends wedding. The location is great -- right on the trolley line one block to BART walking distance to all the shopping of Union Square -- and the recent hotel refresh did a great job of taking an older dowdier SF property and bringing it to Starwood standards. The rooms are modern the beds are comfortable the bathrooms are spacious the air conditioning works and the TV is sufficiently large and luxurious. For a large business-centered hotel the staff does a good job of dealing with the crowds in the lobby our rate night included the breakfast buffet a nice touch for a reasonably large buffet. Of course this is San Francisco and there are great food options very close so keep that in mind in picking your rate. The gym was nice and expansive for a hotel gym. Negatives The one thing that seems not to have gotten an upgrade is the elevator bank which seemed overmatched to the number of people trying to get in and out of the hotel at crunch times. Getting into the hotel seems to consistently involve dodging lots of cars coming out of the parking garagevalet stand.	
   	Loved the Westin San Francisco ket Street	We stayed from the th through the th of ober. What I can say is EXCELLENT Service was superb Room was fantastic. We stayed on the th floor. Very clean. Staff was excellent. Definitely a hotel youd want to stay at. Only downpoint is the area. Being a female walking alone I did not feel comfortable in this section of the city. Other than that the hotel is highly recommended by my husband and other co-workers who were in for a convention.	
  	Westin Pluses and Minuses	I chose the Westin specifically for their quotheavenly bedsquot. I ided to go for the suite and wish I hadnt spent the extra money. Modern or is not my style. The rooms are oddly shaped and the or is well bland. Two chairs a short shallow sofa huge wooden coffee table work desk and chair and a dresser with TV make up in the living room. The bedroom had a king size bed a chair another dresser with a TV on it. Both the living area and bedroom had flat screen TVs. The closet in the bedroom is miniscule and the closet in the living area was locked. No clock in the living area only on the clock radio in the bedroom. My th floor suite had nice floor to ceiling windows on two sides but looked over numerous ugly rooftops. The bed wasnt as soft as I remember and that was my reason for choosing the hotel. There is a beautiful work desk in the living area though lots of plugs if you are a business person with many electronics I brought my laptop and the WiFi worked great extra charge of course There is a mini bar with sodas and drinks in the corner of the living area. Coffee maker with coffee and a CD player.My room wasnt ready when I first arrived so I left my bags and went out for awhile the lobby is indeed very dark. When I returned I found out the restaurant didnt open until  for dinner. I had been walking for a couple of hours and was very hungry by about . The nice doorman pointed me towards Thirsty Bear a Spanish restaurant just a block or so away. Delicious food there. I loved the showers at the Westin. They have two shower heads. Since I travel solo...always plenty of towels The bathroom was fine with soap shampoo conditioner makeup mirror hairdryer. Nice ble counter and floor which makes for a cold floor...but...did you know standing on a cold floor in bare feet if you have a leg cramp makes it feel better That is a helpful tip when you are walking up and down hills in San FranciscoAnother reviewer said that you had to weave your way through numerous cars that are parked in front of the Westins entrance. Correct. Later in the evening when I came back from the theater about pm I could barely get from the sidewalk to the door there were so many cars.However I did find the front desk room service and everyone who assisted me in person or on the phone to be very polite and helpful. A late checkout was graciously handled for me. They have WiFi charge and in room movies youll pay more for one than if you went to the theater yourself. I had room service twice both for a late snack and breakfast. The food was fine and the service was friendly.The hotel is nice enough I found it quiet except for sirens from the street at all hours. Close to everything and the room was exceptionally clean. All things being equal I think if I came back Id try another hotel. Nothing against the Westin really. I just dont like modern or and the bed was a disappointment.	
   	westin only ok	Was really looking forward to our stay in the Westin ket Street following its revamp as a westin hotel. Unfortunately we were rather dissapointed.The lobby area is both dark and unwelcoming which when combined with the impersonal manner of the staff gave a poor first impression. You also need to manoever your way through numerous cars in the process of entering or leaving the hotel you certainly need your wits about you.There are  lifts dont know if they were all working however we had to wait for a lift for quite a while on some occasions.The rooms themselves are both clean and functional. The bed is comfortable and the rooms are quiet. The shower provided a moderate water pressure but the washbasin failed to hold water for more than  seconds. I thought the hotel had just undergone a full refitWe had breakfast on the first morning not a good experience. The food was both overcooked and cold although there was a good selection of fresh fruit to choose from. As a result of this we had no further food or drink from the hotel.We enjoyed our time in San Francisco but would not stay at this hotel if we returned.	
  	Wonderful At The Westin	The hotel is a business type hotel but we were there for a weekend away and found it wonderful. It was a good rate advertised by a grand opening or something. Our room was clean very comfortable the beds were fabulous and the room was quiet at night.On a negative note we tried two different times and attempted to be waited on in their bar. We were ignored both visits by several cocktail waiters and after  minutes had to go up to the bartender to get a drink which took another  minutes. One drink and we left. The second time we were again ignored so we never made an attempt to enter the bar or eat at the restaurant in the hotel assuming it was the same type of staff. The only other negative thing which we were really disappointed is on their hotel tv they advertised rather than to go out for the night to stay in order a first run movie relax and enjoy yourself. Well on our second night after dinner we ided to do that. We got all ready with our snacks and cocktails we purchased from the local store and nothing. For two hours that we attempted to try and order a movie and enjoy our room the system was down and we were unable to order a movie. A very big disappointmentOverall we were quite pleased and as long as their rates are about the same in the future we will definitely go back to this hotel but bring our own cocktails next time	
   	Mixed Experience	Rented two rooms here for an overnight stay with my elderly mother. Her room was quite spacious whereas mine was on the small side and oddly shaped. Both rooms were nicely furnished with large HDTVs and smallish bathrooms. The price was right for a weekday in San Francisco at  per room. Breakfast in the hotel restaurant was fine though the room could have been warmer both temperature-wise and design-wise. The main problem here was unpleasant encounters with rude staff personnel. The attendant who parked our car valet parking only was quite unfriendly and when I reked on the steep  nightly charge rolled his eyes and told me it was a bargain compared to the rate at another hotel down the street. He then gave my car a rough handling. Three front desk staffers were also unpleasantly indifferent while another was very gracious.	
   	Good Stay	My wife and I recently stayed at the Westin for a weekend vacation. Everything in the room  hotel had been recently remodeled including a flat screen HDTV in our room. The location is ideal - next to tket St and close to all public transportation we didnt rent a car - took the BART into town for  each from SFO - the BART stop is a short walk from the hotel. We had no problems with the service or the staff - they were helpful. We booked through Expedia and received a discounted rate for booking the flight and hotel at the same time about  per night. We stayed on the th floor. The only downside is you do get some street noise - but it wasnt bad enough to interrupt sleep. Wed stay there again.	
   	The Argent Reborn a Westin	I stayed here for three nights on a Starwood  nights for the price of  offer which worked out at about  per night.Be warned the exorbitant % room tax is not in the rate at booking this is added on check out which could be more transparent.As SPG Gold I was given a corner room with a great view over San Francisco to the water beyond.Had a superb and massive flat screen plasma in the room though the mini bar nibbles had not been stocked as yet seemed the sensor tray was installed ready to go but empty.Check In was noticeably fast and my pm check out was honoured without a problem the maid even refreshed my room on my last morning which helped make packing a tidier affair for me.Bathrooms were small but that seems to be the norm in all SF hotels.The location cannot be beaten four minutes walk from the South Side of Union Square and just round the corner from the Four Seasons and opposite the Fantastic San Francisco Museum of Modern Art with the new and unmissable Olafur Eliasson light show.Wired web connection was easy to access swift and affordable . though if you just need to check emails pop over ket Street to the Apple store where you can get online for a few minutes free.Two tips if you are renting a car get a Hybrid Prius as they charge half price night for these environmentally friendly cars vs.  for a regular vehicle.Second if you go to Macys take your room key and out of state ID to Customer Services for an % discount.VERDICT Dependable Westin heavenly beds now in a modern clean property which is a great improvement over the very variable experiences I have had at the Westin St. Francis in nearby Union Square.	
   	Nice New Hotel~	Booked this hotel via Spg website. got an excellent deal for night on a busy weekend. stayed at this property twice both time got upgraded to a nice corner room xx and xx as spg gold. If you are platinum youll get upgraded to the corner suite more likely. but the hotel sold out pretty often bc its right next to the convention center. its an easy  mins walk and safe too to the bart station and also there are lots convinent fast food store nearby quiznos starbucks McDs taco bells and -. CPK is right across the street too. SF shopping center and Union square are approx - blocks away. There is a big cinema right behind the hotel too. Easy access to the Ferry buildingfishermans wharf via bus  cable car.The room on  floors and UP are consider quotgrand deluxepremierquot room so they have a better view of the city. As other reviewers suggested. This hotel has a nice  new gym at th floor no swimming pool tho Very common in norcal. But this hotel is mostly business travellers so not likely people will have time to really use the gym facilities. Afterall this hotel IS a business hotel so dont expect too much from it. The service was prompted but slow. Most of the people working at the front desk are young so their knowledge could be limited and their attitude certainly needs to polish some more when dealing with the customers. Afterall this is still a nice hotel very comfortable bed and AC works great in the hotel a perfect place for travellers whos visiting SF for the first time	
   	