 	Was expecting more	When we got to the hotel i was checked inn by a trainee.When i asked for an upgrade she said they were fullI was expecting an upgrade since i am a gold member on their points program.So we got a small room on the th floor with no view.The nd to last day we stayed i went to the reception and finally got upgraded to a much bigger room in the corner with a view.I have to say this is one of the nicer hotels in San Fran.Will try the Westin In Union square next time.Ask for a room on a higher floor you will not be disappointed	
  	Loved the Westin.	The Westin on ket Street in San Francisco was a great place to stay. It was very clean and classy and the check in was very smooth and quick. My boyfriend and I stayed there on his birthday and walked up to the Cigar Bar and had diner and drinks that night. This hotel is centrally located and within walking distance of the cable car.. The Westin rooms were great we had a very large flat screen tv in our room and a very comfortable bed. The view wasn t much but we didnt request a great view upon booking the room. I would recomend this hotel to all travelers especially business travelers.	
   	Very nice	Aahh...could it be that the Westin brand is worthy of redemption After staying in some realy Westin dumps lately this hotel was like a ray of sunlight. Very nice room nice lobby good restaurant pretty good room service. My only gripe is that the room needed some tending upon check-in as hairs were left behind from the last guest but housekeeping came and took care of it asap. If housekeeping steps up a bit I think this hotel will be a real winner.	
   	Hotel priily suited to business travelers	The hotel location is nice simple walking distance to great shopping chinatown and good restaurants. About  cab ride to Pier . We did also appreciate the well appointed room the heavenly bed and large flatscreen tv. The bathrm tub etc were all similar to any average room.That said it must be noted that the hotel is designed for business travelers whos companies are paying for their stay and as such there are minimal complimentary or value add services for the tourist. To park your rental car at the Westin will cost you  per night to make a local phone call is  per call to use the internet or get a coffee in the morning is also a charge per day and so on.	
   	A great refurbishment	The recent refurbishment of the old Argent is a great improvement. The lobby and rooms now have a very quotWestinquot feel simple and stylish but highly functional. The heavenly beds and large flat-screen TVs make staying in for the evening after a long day a pleasure. The location is great for both conventioneers and shoppers. I didnt try their restaurant quotDuccaquot for lunch or dinner but the breakfast was very ent and at  Im sad to say its actually a fairly good price compared to the other hotels nearby.The opening of the Westin here makes four Starwood hotels in the space of a block and a half. Its less in-your-face Hip than the W less frilly than the Palace and less expensive than the St Regis. The only thing I can find to say against the place is that it is _exactly_ like every other Westin but sometimes thats a good thing. Oh and the valet parking is painfully expensive  but thats more a problem with San Francisco than the hotel -	
  	Staff here is exceptional	On a recent and very stressful business trip to San Francisco I stayed for the first time at Westins ket Street location. Every time I had to call on the staff for help -- TV remote quit working in-room internet service was terrible I left my completed bill behind in the room -- I got unbelievably great service. A new remote was delivered in three minutes all service charges for Web access were removed from my bill the bell captain went up to my room and fetched my forgotten paperworkBut probably the very nicest gesture was made by the hotel restaurant Duccas manager I had a midday flight and knew Id miss both breakfast and lunch because of last minute meetings. While I waited in the lobby for my shuttle at about  a.m. I popped into the restaurant which wasnt yet open for lunch. I explained my predicament to the manager whose staff was mostly on break in anticipation of the lunch rush. He sat me at the bar went to the kitchen himself rustled up a snack and a cup of coffee for me and brought it to me within minutes. I bolted down the much-needed food thanked him and asked for a check. There was none. quotI couldnt give you want you wanted so theres no charge.quotIs this any way to run a hotel You bet it is. Ill be staying there again and again and again. Great job Westin And many thanks.	
   	Great location	We stayed two nights -- booked via Priceline for  per night. We were on the th floor with a great view of the parking lot across the street. A bit of street noise from Third Street but the bed more than made up for it. Awesome location close to Union Square Chinatown North Beach BART and the F Street car line.	
   	Good deal cant complain	My BF and I planned a weekend getaway in SF and got a good deal online. The Argent is in a great location in Union Square and within walking distance to the historic trolleys and all public transportation. This was good because we flew in and didnt want to rent a car nor drag our luggage through the city. The desk staff were neither rude nor extra friendly. The first room they gave us had stains on the bed spread however when we asked for a different room they promptly apologized and gave us another up higher with a nicer view. The hotel was undergoing construction at the time so the lobby was very noisy half covered in plastic and smelled of paint. Its more of a business hotel but for the price and location it was a good find.	
   	Beautiful hotel great location	Booked thru Hotwire got a great rate for SFO. Hotel lobby amp or is beautiful great lighting. Check-in quick and easy. Room looked down at rd St no view of the bay or bridges but Ill sacrafice that for a great rate. Restaurant was pricey as hotels are. They ran out of empty refrigs to replace our pay-mini-bar but allowed us to remove and replace items without a charge to store our leftovers amp drinks. Beds were comfy with lots of fluffy pillows. Valet staff was more friendly and helpful than concierge. Parking valet only was day  . tax.  look into public parking across street next time. Very close to subway stations large mall amp trolley stops.	
   	Lovely beds	We a family of two adults and two teenagers stayed here for  days in ust. It is in a great location for both sightseeing and shopping. Our room was spacious the bathroom very clean and the beds wonderful. If you want a great view of the city we recommend you request a room near the top of the hotel. Floor  The hotel staff were very efficient and helpful and the atmosphere was good. Breakfast was very expensive so we would reommend Sears Fine Foods or Dotties True Blue Cafe. One thing you should know. SF seems to get up early so if you want to avoid long lines for good restaurant and well know tourist attractions then so should you. Try and book to go to Alcatraz before you leave home it is very popular and on some days if you hadnt booked you couldnt get on the ferry. To avoid the  hour waits for the cable cars try going at .am and reward yourself with one of Sears huge breakfasts. There is plenty to do in SF but by far our teenagers favourite was going to see the SF Giants at the AT amp T park. What can I say Barry Bonds was fantastic and the atmosphere electric	
   	Westin on rd St. was adequate	We stayed at Westin on rd St. and ket for one night on . . The room was rather small but adequate and clean. The lighting in the room was not bright enough if you intend to read a book as I did. The layout of the room was different than what I am used to with the TV at  degree angle from the bed. After sitting on the bed to watch TV for  minutes my neck was very sore. I used Priceline and paid  plus tax for one night. So be I got what I paid for a standard room with no view and nothing extra. There is a parking garage directly across street from the hotel so its convenient for those who want to save a few bucks on parking. We used the hotel valet parking   tax  tips and was happy with it. We did have a good time shopping and dining nearby as the hotel is in easy walking distance to Union Square. All and all it was a nice stay but nothing spectacular.	
   	Loved the hotel	We recently booked  rooms at this hotel for a short stay in San Francisco. While this is priily a business hotel they were able to accommodate our children by providing bed rails. Even though they offer stepping stools they didnt have any when I asked. My children loved the floor to ceiling windows. Mom amp dad did also. The beds were incredibly comfortable and included tons of pillows. While their mini bar is electronic and while charge you within seconds of something being removed they will supply you with a mini fridge free of charge. They brought this up almost immediately. They dont have a very large lobby to quothang outquot in part of it is used for a sittingbar area that I didnt feel comfortable having the children at They do have an outdoor eatingsitting area that is nice for waitingeating etc. The best thing about the hotel is their location. They are on ket street we walked to the Ferry Bldg Westfield center Union Sq. Chinatown The cable car turnaround at Powel amp ket. Yerba Buena is literally behind the hotel and was a favorite of my children. We loved San Francisco amp would stay at this hotel again.	
   	Great Hotel Great Location	The hotel is your typical Westin. Great location very clean and nice bed. If we plan to come back we would definately bring warmer clothes or travel in a warmer month and book our hotel at the Westin.	
   	Lovely Hotel Lovely Location	My partner and I stayed here for a few days and were very pleased with our stay. We are Starwood Preferred Guests and the Westin ket Street is definitely up to par with other fantastic Westins. Check-in was a breeze and we got a lovely room overlooking the city and bay. The bar is very happening and we enjoyed a few drinks very comfortably. The gym is fully equipped and you never had to wait for a machine on the busiest of mornings. The staff was very friendly and helpful. Aside from the or the location is the best part of the hotel. It is extremely centrally located you can walk anywhere in the city within a very short distance or cheap cab ride. Avoid bringing a car because you will pay throw the nose in valet fees in downtown San Fran. The staff were very helpful in getting me an appointment when I need medical advise and that was great appreciated. The only minor complaint we had was the advice we received from one of the concierge staff. We requested a more upscale dining option and upon arrival to the restaurant realized it was not. Perhaps we did not provide enough detail but thats why Im stating it as a small complaint and everything else was wonderful. Highly recommended.	
   	Now thats what I call customer service	I am a member of starwood club and have earned alot of points from stays at the sheraton anaheim...I was bringing a friend and her kids who were from las vegas and had never been to SF before...she wanted to stay overnight and I never really do because Im about   hours south of there...I looked around and was having problems finding rooms that werent almost  and I had knocked my list down to about  ...One of them was Westin ket st...I didnt think I had a prayer of getting into this property but found out they were part of starwood as well and I could stay there using my points...I asked for a room with  queen beds and reconfirmed this the day before I came but when I checked in they had me down as a one king bed...no problem just change it...well they were saying Im sorry from here till doomsday and I just kept telling them it was ok...your not going to get fired ....well for my quotinconveniencequot which wasnt one at all but ok....they bumped me up to a DELUXE room on the th floor...I had a HUGE ceiling to floor window overlooking right down on the city...gourmet chocolates and coffee....also they forgot to deliver a crib and didnt have another on site and they searched other of their properties till they got one and they delivered it to the room with chocolates...and we also needed extra towels and the guest services called us constantly to make sure we got what we needed....that was amazing service	
   	Nice hotel	First just to let you know some taxi driver still think of this as Argent. A couple of times we asked for Westin ket Street but they still drove us to St Francis The location is very very good. A short walk from Union Sq and BART MUNI bus stops are only minutes away. Right in the middle of shops as well as the Westfield shopping arcade just ten minute away. Office Depot is right opposite and there is a Starbuck just round the corner.Reception has a nice ambience and scent and hotel generally nicely orated. Quite clean except I noticed a bit of wrapping left lying on a slightly dusty table in the elevator lobby throughout my -night stay.Check-in staff was efficient but did sense a cold tone when she mentioned Priceline. Hotel has a well equiped fitness room but small and a bit cramped. Strange thing is that there didnt seem to be a restaurant within the hotel I could be wrong though.Conciege was very helpful when we tried to arrange transport to the airport. Valet parking was  plus  tax ouch but only used them for one night as rental car was to be returned the next day. I couldnt be bothered looking for a cheaper parking for that reason but did notice cheaper garages close by.Unless absolutely necessary I would avoid driving in SF - a lot of roads are one-way.. Beside public transport is the way to go to get around - cheap and easy to use and many options - just get a munibart pass.Front of hotel could get a bit chaotic as  small and  cars waiting to be parked are left everywhere even onto the pavement.As the hotel was completely full we couldnt get a king bed so settled with two queens. I stayed on F so noise wasnt a problem but being on a very busy road I can imagine lower floors can experience some noise from the traffic. My room was  and I noticed all the other rooms are Starwood Preferred Guest rooms say so on the doors. be thats why the room was relatively more spacious. Again simply and nicely orated and clean. Room overlooking main roads. Being on a high floor I was glad to see the tops of most surrounding buildings..Bathroom was reasonably sized with towels and toiletteries refilledreplaced daily. Shower wasnt that powerful though. Small wardrobe with a safe and just big enough for our two cases.Refrigerator has sensors so you remove it you pay for it.Wouldnt say a luxury hotel but overall a very nice one. Would stay again given the chance.	
  	Loved Our Stay at the Westin on ket Street	My dhter and I stayed at the San Francisco Westin on ket Street for two nights on y   . We totally enjoyed our stay. The room was immaculate and the  queen beds were sooo comfortable. We happen to get a pretty good rate because by the time we got there the rates jumped sky high. The view of the city was outstanding. Having never been to San Francisco before we found ourselves in an excellent location within walking distance. The restaurant inside the hotel was excellent though very pricey as most things are in SF. We ordered room service and it was out of this world expensive for a small pizza and two waters and one dessert it came to a whopping .. We walked and walked around the city. The conciere sp was very helpful in where to go to eat and ordered us a car when we left on the th. We were going to try the malls food court which was very nice but the power kept going out so we ended up at a small restaurant named Johns - stay away from that one - overpriced and gross food. Then we went to an excellent place a day later named Two which was outstanding food. Do not visit SF if you are on a tight budget.	
   	Better view than the St. Regis	We stayed here the night prior and the night of our wedding. The hotel was just renated recently from the Argent Hotel. I think we had an executive suite and the view was amazing. Everything seemed brand new and we had  plasma t.v.s. We also held our reception for our wedding here and everything ran so smoothly. I cant think of any negatives off the top of my head but be because of the sentimental attachment I now have of this hotel.	
   	Hotel and Staff need work	We just came home from a weekend in San Francisco and stayed at the newly refurbished Westin at ket Street in San Francisco.The staff seemed overwhelmed during check-in - which was about  PM on a Friday night.We had  bags  large and  carry-ons and were at no time offered assistance or bellmen. When we asked about it - we were told that the wait was  to  minutes so we took our own bags up to the room.The room itself was fine. We were on the th floor and had a nice view of the city. The Westin is one hotel that charges a premium for internet service and it is not wireless- making it less than desirable for someone trying to transact business while staying there. In fact we had to connect two arate times at a double price of .day. They still have not credited the first bill although they told us that they would take care of it.The hotel --although refurbished is showing signs of wear and tear. The carpet was frayed and bald in areas- and the furniture red and chipped.There were several large groups staying at the hotel. On Saturday night- one of the took over the entire lobby area monopolized the elevators and the lobby absolutely reeked of ijuana. No one at the hotel seemed to care or take any steps to do anything about it. There was a large pool of vomit in one of the elevators that was left there for at least an hour because my husband encountered it a second time when he went down to the lobby to print boarding passes.Speaking of boarding passes- one of the consierges tried to charge my husband  to print two boarding passes something that EVERY hotel does as a courtesy and sent him to an Instant Print place around the corner because they charged less. Another consierge heard him and agreed to do it for no charge. My husband was wondering just how many people agreed to pay the exorbitant charge just to do this simple task.Checking out- once again - no bell men. They also did not take my Priority Club card stating that they had no record of it when I had the card in hand.All-in-all although the hotel was a bargain and the room adequate the treatment from the staff was nothing short of rude and the other guests in the hotel drunk obnoxious and out of control made the visit less than enjoyable.At a minimum when I go to a hotel that is rated a  star I would expect good service at check in and check out and a safe. clean environment in common areas. The fact that we had to breath in ijuana smoke just to get through the lobby only to be assaulted by the stench of vomit after nearly a  minute wait at the elevator is reason enough not to return.	
   	Nice new hotel	This is a great new hotel. This hotel was at one point The Argent. I was told it changed hands a few months ago. The rooms are very nice. I stayed here one night after a long business trip. I wish I had stayed here the entire trip... I was down at the Palace. I had a room on the nd floor. The view from my room was amazing. The bed was very comfortable and the bathroom was clean. As the room had just been given a face lift everything was clean fresh and new. The room was in perfect condition. The gym at the hotel is nice. It has quite a nice selection of cardio and a few free weights. Breakfast at the hotel was ent... nothing to write home about. The only problem with the hotel is the small circle entrance to the hotel. Its a bit of a zoo getting into and out of the hotel but it is well worth the trouble.	
   	Enjoyed the Westin ket Street	My husband and I stayed at the Westin for a week-end getaway in SF and we both enjoyed our stay. The only quotbadquot was that the valet parking fee was outrageous  a day but thats to be expected in the city. The room wasnt spacious but it was wonderfully clean and we had a nice view of the Moscone Center from our giant window. Our bed was wonderfully comfortable The resturaunt Duccas- Northern Italian fare was nice as well. We both would love to stay there again in the future	
   	Great just short of superior	This hotel is almost top notch and just barely falls short. The valet is a little too busy same with the concierge same with check in. The rooms are fabulous. Very spacious well appointed modern and posh. Overall this is a great hotel in a super location. However its a large busy business hotel. If you are looking for an intimate elegant experience this isnt it. If you are looking for a great value in the city that is still very high quality look no further.	
   	Beautiful Hotel but bad Service	My boyfriend and I stayed at the Westin for his birthday this y. The room and the view was beautiful however we were disappointed in the service. We had booked the indulgence package along with our room which was supposed to include strawberries champagne breakfast and a late checkout. When we called down for the champagne we were informed that it was not on record. The first two receptionists we talked to were very rude and argued with us. Eventually the third person we talked to was able to find the record of it and it was all straightened out however it was a lot of hassle that somewhat ruined our experience.	
   	Great Place...	Loved it the staff was wonderful the view was fabulous except unfortunately I was given a supposed quotupgradequot like the previous review watch out for the rooms right next to the elevators very loud and annoying other than that absolutely wonderful	
  	best price... great choice	I just returned from a visit to this hotel needless to say it was perfect... for those of you looking for a nice comfortable lodging option in the city -- you should give the Westin ket Street a try. I went to the city to shop with my mom for a few days. I used this website quite a bit to choose a place that would not break the bank. Some of the reviews said it was not conveneit for shopping in Union Square so I was a bit nervous. But upon arrival I realized it is less than  blocks from the BIG NordstromBloomingdales mall. And just adjacent to all the flagship stores and not far from Neiman cusSaks Fifth Avenue and everything. So if you are going to the city to shop it is great	
   	Nice job reating the old Argent	I last stayed at this property in  and was impressed with the job that Westin has done overhauling the old Argent Hotel. The location just on the corner of ket and Third is convenient to Union Square the Embarcadero SF MOMA and PacBell. If youre interested in such things Starbucks is directly across the street to the left. The rooms were clean and comfortable and had of course been given the full quotWestin treatmentquot with the heavenly bed typical desk and so forth. While the bathrooms in some Westins have both the walk-in shower and arate tub ours did not though they were clearly working with the old Argent layout. Still the bathroom was spotless and the showertub was newly tiled with ble. Service both at the desk and by phone was friendly and courteous there is a good-sized gym with a lot of cardio equipment on the fourth floor at least I think Im remembering that right. The new northern Italian restaurant off the lobby is good but with so many other options in the city I would look further afield. At least during our stay they did not yet serve brunch.Parking at any SF hotel is pricey and the Westin is no different.at  plus tax. That said there is a garage across the street where you can self-park for roughly half the cost.The only downside The minibar fridge was one of the new ones without any space for your own items and the quotyou move it you payquot setup. Material in the room though said that the property had a limited number of mini-fridges available free of charge if needed. When we asked for one it was delivered and set up in minutes. Unfortunately it didnt work. Not sure if it was the outlet or the fridge itself but we didnt bother to request a replacement. Perhaps we just got a lemon.Overall a good landing spot in that part of the city. I will definitely stay there on future trips.	
   	Great location		
   	Nice newly Remodeled but not Great		
   	great location and generally a good quality and comfortable hotel		
   	Reations at the Westin		
  	Nice hotel		
  	Brand New - nice		
   	Great hotel...everything is brand new		
   	Loved the Westin		
   	Happy Traveller	My husband and i stayed at the Argent for a few nights in san fran. what a fantastic surprise - we expecting something relatively nice but it was great. the room was huge and impecable and the location was handy alsoI have recommended it to other friends and would definately stay there again. Didnt eat at the restaurant or room service - there was just too much to do in san fran	
   	Great Stay - Horrible Billing	I stayed here for business one night in . of . The hotel room rate of  was amazingly cheap for the quality and location. It is in the financial district right next to the Four Seasons which is charging  a night. The room stay service staff was exceptional....BUT the billing experience was a nighteI traveled with a business companion who upon returning home found out that their credit card was was charged for  additional nights plus mini bar charges. The staff said that she had left her credit card open and left her bag in the room. Though my companion had proof that she had flown home with her bag and was not in the city during those nights it took  weeks of disputing with managers to get the charges removed. The customer service during the dispute was exceedingly poor. Then upon returning credit to her card they didnt need to ask for her credit card number because they had not destroyed the number from her original reservation. Obviously fraud controls are not in place.Great room - High fraud risk	
  	Loved the Argent it should still be great as a Westin	im a city boy and so am not turned off by the realities of a city. so i was expecting a few rough edges. and in fact some services were a bit limited cause the property is being reated but i was pleased to find a staff committed and prepared to deliver top notch service. so.. yes parking in the city is expensive but if you want to take your car in and out - and you  then pay the valet fee. and please tip. i stayed on the st floor in what i was told was a reated room. it certainly looked up to snuff. if you book lower you  be in an older room. but i think even then you should enjoy the hotel and your stay. but..... if you expect a quotresortquot hotel dont come cause SF is a real city and youll just be disappointed.by the way room all im told have great views. ours did. but i suspect the views are better up high. but that would be true with every property.	
   	Lovely hotel less-than-great front desk	We stayed at the Argent for  days during a recent visit to SF. We chose it mostly because of the price and location very close to public transportation. We read some of the reviews on here and were hopeful that we would leave wanting to write a glowing review. Id have to say we came out neutral mostly because the front desk left a sour taste in my mouth. We arrived at  p.m. the check-in time and quotno roomsquot were available according to the surly woman at the front desk. Because of the special rate that we had gotten she alleged that she quotcould not upgrade usquot. When we stated that we would come back after parking our car we did this at the Hearst Garage across the street and paid less for  days than we would have paid for one in the Argents own garage she asked us to return in quotno sooner than one hourquot -- we had just flowin in to San Jose from Chicago  hours and then driven to SF another  minutes -- I was tired and wanted to rest before we started sightseeing but this was not possible.However everyone else at the hotel was lovely from the kind valet who watched our car while we were inside dealing with surly-front-desk-lady to the gentleman who put our bags in holding while our room was prepared to the concierge who was able to let us know the best way to use public transportation to get where we wanted the cheapest way to do it what side of the bus to sit on for the best view and even recommended a few of his favorite restaurants to us. Our room was fine on the th floor not yet a Westin room with a cruddy view we looked at the Metreon but we didnt spent a lot of time looking out of the full length window anyway too much to do in SF a clean bathroom and a comfortable bed. Overall we would probably stay here again but only if the price were right as it was this time -- there are too many other hotels in SF to commit to this one after our experience there.	
  	Great Location	Stayed here ch th thru the th  and it was perfectly located for our plans. Didnt eat at the hotel. Pleasant employees -very accomodating. Maids knock rather early - am. Was charged foritems in the refrig that we didnt use almost all expired but they removed them promptly when I called. I upgraded our room and we looked out over the gardens and a construction site. Dont think it was worth the . extra a night.	
  	Great stay	My family and I Spouse and  dhters aged  and  spent  nights in San Francisco at the Argent Hotel from ch -st . We got to the hotel very early noon and was just expecting to leave our bags with the bellboy but the hotel was able to give us our room early. They upgraded us to a room on the nd floor and the room was spotless. There was a slight paint odour on the nd floor and that was because I found out later  that we were the first guests to stay in the room after the reations on that floor. New carpets quotheavenlyquot bed floor to ceiling windows great view of ket Street and city and even Starbucks coffee in the room. Front desk staff were very efficient and professional. The room rate will certainly go up once the hotel is fully reated and the Westin name is official- so the opprotunity is now. The only negatives are you can hear the street cars going down ket Street and the street people along ket and also on rd Street on the way to the hotel	
   	Great location	After reading some reviews we had some concerns about the room and staff. But to our suprise we had a great stay with friendly staff helping us check our bags early and returning later to our rooms th flr. We didnt get a free upgradebut the rooms were very ent and beds comfy. The pillows could be better  but we agree the hotel was alot better than some other high end ones that we have stayed at in Union Sq. on past visits. Rooms were large Bathrooms didnt have air vent which caused mirrors to steam up alot. But price was great through priceline for the roomlocation. Otherwise asking  for standard room was high for this hotel. Especially during the reation. For those who complain alot please pay more for the upgrade and realise that you get what you bargain for.I would return to this hotel for future visits when the reation is done because of the location.	
   	Excellent Place to Stay	My husband and I just returned from a four night stay at the Argent. I was very worried about what wed find after reading previous reviews. However the hotel greatly exceeded our expectations. The only visible signs of construction were on the outside of the building. We were given a free upgrade to a room on the th floor with amazing views. The staff was very helpful the room was immaculate and our room had already been transformed into a Westin-worthy room. Everything was excellent	
   	WOW Great Hotel	We stayed at the Argent on - for  nights. What a wonderful hotel. The lobby was beautiful the rooms were nicely furnished and the bed was heavenly a W Hotel standard. Floor to ceiling windows allowed for a great view of the city. The Hotel is located just blocks from all transportation Bart Muni buses. Union Square and all of its shopping in steps away. Arrived late at night had no problems at check-in. Checked out early in the am and the doorman was able to grab a cab for me right away. Every staff member I saw was very friendly. The hotel is quotofficiallyquot changing over to a W Hotel in late il but its already happened in my eyes. Get in now before the rates go through the roof Awesome Stay	
   	Fantastic place to stay	After reading a couple of very recent reviews from visitors I was concerned that my vist to the Argent would not be a good one - there were a number of complaints regarding the upgrading to a the Westin chain and the impact it was having. I have to totally disagree. The staff were fantastic my hotel room was stunning clean well appointed and obviously a completed part of the upgrade to the Westin. I was visiting San Francisco on my own and the hotel was the perfect setting for shopping and sight seeing with an excellent location and felt very secure. My only criticism would be the automated mini bar system which made it impossible to keep soft drinks I had purchased myself cool due to the sensors designed to generate charges for mini bar purchases. A minor irritation though in the grand scheme of things. Would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone.	
  	Horrible Experience updated	My boyfriend and I celebrated my birthday in the city. We priily chose this hotel based on ratings and location. However we were highly disappointed in the service and the cleanliness of the hotel. We upgraded our room to have a “view” and were guaranteed a room between the th floor through the top. Of course we were put on the th floor as there were no other rooms available. With that being said our room was not very clean. The comforter had black stains the bathroom door looked like the bottom had been chewed on by a dog the toilet was leaking all night and the shower drain was loose. On top of that the bed was ridiculously uncomfortable. In the morning we ided to check out using the automated check out on the television. That would have been smooth but the service was “temporarily unavailable”. We had to call the front desk anyway to confirm that we were in fact checked out. We weren’t leaving the city until later that afternoon so we thought we’d leave our bags at the bell desk. No one was there at the time so we waited. Ten minutes later we asked the registration desk and he said someone will be back. Ten minutes later still nothing. We ask the concierge but the two employees were too busy iding on which restaurant had the best dim sum. After a full  minutes of waiting someone finally showed up but not surprisingly they gave us horrible service. When we returned to the hotel to pick up our bags there was however a nice gentleman that helped us. That was by far the only positive experience I had there. Oh plus the floor length window was pretty nice.	
   	Not bad but in transition	I will start by saying that I knew going in that this hotel is being transitioned to a Westin. You can tell. The hotel lobby is a mess and there is little dining choices to speak of. Additionally they oversold the first night and they had to send us to The Palace to get us in that night. Not huge deal since they comped the room AND the parking for one of the cars for TWO days . Frustrating but nice way of making up for the error in my opinion. Staff is moderately friendly. One porter watched me lug my own bags out of the elevator and kind of lhed when he saw I was struggling a bit. He at least got the door for me but not the kind of service I would expect from this caliber of a hotel.Overall the room was good. The bed was comfortable and the bathroom was adequate. It isnt luxurious but the view is fabulous. The TV is microscopic and there are hardly any channels Be warned this has one of those honor bars that if you pick up a candy bar it charges your room in  seconds even if you put it back. That must be some new thing.Anyway I would probably stay there again if the rate was right but not top choice if you are looking for luxury.	
   	Wait till it becomes a Westin	My room at the Argent Hotel was atrocious. I didnt realize it was being converted to a Westin so the whole lobby area is blocked off due to construction. The staff and bellhops were very nice but when I ever got to my room I was stunned. I stayed in room  and it was a dump. In college I stayed at youth hostels in Europe for  a night that were cleaner. There is NO WAY this hotel should be categorized at -star. There were big black ks and scratches all over the walls doors and moldings. It looks as though a dog had chewed the corners and floorboards. The rug was dirty and dusty and there were black ks all over the linens and duvet. The bathroom wasnt clean either there was mold and black ks all over the tub not to mention that there was some sort of sauce on the bathroom countertop.I stayed here just for two nights on business thank god so my biggest concerns were location and the ability to access the internet. I will have to say that the Argents location is perfect at the corner of rd and ket so youre just a few blocks away from high-end shopping such as Bloomingdales. But the internet access was terrible First of all I must comment that the desk was the cheapest piece of furniture Ive ever come across. The drawer kept popping open everytime I sat down and the outlet plugs were tucked away underneath amongst dirt and dust the desk along the floor which was difficult to get to. I had to climb under the desk and push the legs over to get to it. The ethernet cord they provided was actually broken it didnt click into my laptop so it kept sliding out. I do travel with my own but since the jack for the internet was near the electric outlets it wasnt long enough most -star hotels have plug outlets either in the desk or in the wall ontop of the desk and they have wireless internet in the rooms. Normally I would have complained but it was the end of a week-long business trip and I was so busytired that I just didnt bother.I love the Westin so I would consider staying here when its converted over but in the meantime travelers beware	
   	Pleasant stay at The Argent	I stayed at The Argent in ust  for a week of sightseeing it was my first visit to San Francisco. The location is very convenient for tourists since the cable car is just around the corner and you can get to many attractions just by walking. All the best shopping is right up the street around Union Square and there are great restaurants in walking distance. The run-down Tenderloin neighborhood isnt too far so you have to be a little careful where you wander.The hotel has a nice lobby and the room was fine. The floor to ceiling windows are really nice and the view of the bay was beautiful. When we first got to the room the air conditioning wasnt working very well we called front desk and within  minutes the problem was solved. On the negative side there were a few small stains on some of the furniture and throw pillows. Also the bathtub was showing a little age. Neither of those things bothered me and the positives definitely outweighed the negative.	
   	luxurious hotel	Very upper scale hotel with a fantastic price Very sound proof rooms with great views of downtown San Francisco. Concierge was always very nice and helpful. Room was very spacious and luxurious.	
   	Hard To Beat	We stayed  nights here and loved every minute of it.Our room had views of the Golden Gate bridge to our left Alcatraz in the centre and the Bay bridge to our right.Great place to stay.	
   	Had to fight for our room Nice accomodations otherwise	This was a corporate stay for a company function in the city. Although we checked in at pm checkin is at pm they said they were overbooked and had no rooms available the company had blocked out rooms weeks earlier and that we could quotwait at the bar.quot When I asked if it was true that not a single room was available the clerk said after pausing yes. Thus began a string of inconsistent answers. As we had to change for a formal event that was starting immediately I said it was unacceptable and insisted on a room. Then he said there was a room ready for us but they had to clean it and it would take at least  hour. Then the clerk told us to change in the gym We said that wasnt acceptable. Suddenly a smoking room became available. As this was also unacceptable we asked that they at least waive the high  parking fee if we had to wait since we technically had paid for the room since pm. When we asked for the manager a non-smoking room miraculously became available. No apology or explanation. Needless to say we were not happy with the service even if we eventually got a ent room with some serious prodding. On the plus side the daytime front desk staff housekeeping and valet were very nice. The night desk clerk and manager seemed to needed some training in customer service. The room itself was nice although the bathroom was a bit dated. Overbooking and the lack of apologies would not surprise me at  star hotel but for a  star I expected better service and a more forthcoming staff.	
   	Luxury Hotel at a Great Value	Our family with two children ages  and  stayed at the Argent Hotel for the first time. We reserved a room through Hotwire and received a very reasonable rate. Also when we checked in we received a free upgrade in rooms. Our room was on the th floor and the view was spectacular. We had a view of downtown and could see Kearny Street all the way to Telegraph Hill. The window is from the floor to the ceiling. I get a little bit of vertigo in high places but this did not bother me. My children loved the view. The room and bathroom was clean and was in good condition. In fact the hotel looked like it went through a recent reation. The beds were a little small but very comfortable.Parking at the hotel is overpriced -plus but there is parking nearby at Fifth and Mission Streets  for -hours. There are countless restaurants nearby from fast food Quiznos Subway Del Taco to high class. There is also a liquor storeket next to the hotel on Third Street.I highly recommend this hotel if you desire to stay near Union Square.	
   	Wonderful Stay	Stayed weekend of . th in Rm. . Gift from our son who has stayed here many times on business so valet parking was included. Beautiful hotel lobby inviting and warm beautiful wood accents helpful friendly staff and great location. Right around the corner from ket Street short walking distance to Union Square all lit up for Christmas just beautiful and the new HUGE Westfield Shopping Mall on ket. Nice view from our rooms floor to ceiling window. Looked toward bay and down on Mascone Center grounds surrounding streets and to the right we could see the architectually beautiful huge riott Hotel. We enjoyed a very quiet and comfortable stay. Room size nice non smoking with King bed. Two comfortable upholstered arm chairs with ottoman beside round table with lamp. Also a nice size desk with chair in room with phone near window adequate standard  regular tv and a mini bar that we we did not look in or use. Coffee maker with pre-pkged Starbucks Coffee in bathroomsink area. There is also a Starbucks right across the street that we frequented. We did not eat at the hotel but Jesters restaurant looked very nice. They do serve breakfast lunch and dinner. We did notice signs stating this hotel is to become a Westin Hotel after the first of the year.	
   	Great location bad parking	The hotel itself is very nice and the location Union Square is excellent for easy access to shopping and restaurants. The room is average nothing to brag about. The view from our room was of another hotel a few feet away blah. However we found parking to be the biggest problem with the Argent. The hotel only gives you an option to valet park for  plus tax per night. Other available parking structures are either far to walk to are closed on Sundays dont allow in and outs and are also fairly expensive  and up per night. The hotel staff is unfamiliar with the parking options when asked.	
   	Just OK	First off let me begin by saying that Im a hotel snob. Im overly sensitive to or and cleanliness. That said lets begin.... Bring your printed confirmation with rate noted. I read a review about a rate check-in issue by another traveler on Tripadvisor. I always bring a printout but I wasnt going to take any chances with The Argent. Upon arrival I was given the room rate of  for a one night stay. My confirmation which I printed from their website noted . They handled the issue in a professional manner. . Room Clean and cozy. The glass on the work station needed to be wiped down. The furniture and bedding were upscale in appearance. The TV was freakishly small. It must have been an ” TV. I have a ” at home so I felt like I was a teenager in my childhood bedroom. I reserved a Deluxe room with king bed. The passageway between the TV center and end of bed was about a foot and a half wide. I did say cozy… . Bed The mattress was hard. It needed a featherbed as you could feel the springs thru the padding. The sheets were standard say  thread count. The pillows were down – big bonus. If I had to rate on a scale of - the bed was a . A simple featherbed liner and higher thread count sheets would make a huge difference.. Bathroom Nothing special. Standard tub. The water took about  minutes to go from cold to hot.. Hallway noise The ice machine was located across the hall. Every hour or so the ice machine would dispense a load of ice which made a crashing sound. I woke up a few times during the night due to the noise. Try avoiding rooms next to the ice machine.. Location Great location Shopping  block away. Starbucks directly across the street. Liquor and munchies store nearly connected to the hotel.  hour - around the corner. Seriously the location was the best.. Workout room Nothing special.  treadmills a few ellipticals a recumbent bike some weight machines. I would say this hotel is more like a . star hotel. I wasn’t impressed but I wasn’t disappointed. For under  bucks – it was pleasant enough for me. Would I go there again Nope but only because I like to try out other hotels. Btw The Argent will be morphed into a Westin in the very near future.	
   	Good comfortable hotel	We stayed at this hotel in ch . We found this to be a lovely hotel. Being a short distance away from Union Square it was quieter and did not have the level of traffic and pedestrian noise that some hotels must suffer from on Union Square. We had a room high up and in doing so we did not hear the traffic noise. In addition our room had a floor to ceiling window and a view over towards Union Square which was fantastic especially at night. The room was comfy and spacious. We had a problem with a constant noise from the extractor fan in the bathroom. When we ask reception to stop it they were very prompt in our request as an engineer came to the room to switch it off. The only down side was the check in which took a long time due to the queue and the length of time it was taking reception to book people in.	
   	Mixed Bag	Clean rooms and nice lobby.They forgot to put shampoo and conditioner in the room. They dont offer late night room service. On the way out the hotel receptionist was extremely rude.Overall didnt like the taste leaving however good deals for the hotel can be found on lastminutetravel	
   	A Wonderful Labor Day Weekend in SF	My friend and I stayed at The Argent Hotel over Labor Day Weekend  in San Francisco. Now despite living nearby the city I have never had the opportunity to stay downtown. Despite the city was packed that weekend we were able to get a very good room at a good rate. I thought the room was elegant and well furnished. Despite that we didnt have a fantastic view it was a very comfortable room. The lobby staff was mostly helpful but were less than proficient at check in. We both feel that it was an excellent value for our dollar.	
   	Nothing special..but comfortable	The rooms were clean the gentleman at the check in desk wasnt helpful or friendly at all. The hotel wasnt anything special. It had a great location only minutes away from all of the shopping. We will stay somewhere else when we return to San Fran.	
   	average hotel good location	The Argent is a tired old hotel in a good location. Signs posted there said it will be reated into a Westin in  which will be a much-needed improvement. Views from the rooms are great.	
   	Good base for Union Square	We stayed at the Argent for the first leg of our honeymoon. We found the hotel to be in a great location for shoppingUnion Square and the hotel staff to be very friendly.We had taken a  hour flight from Heathrow to San Francisco so were feeling very tired and weary when we arrived. We made the fatal mistake of leaving behind a bag in the taxi that dropped us off at the hotel from the airport. We didnt realise this until we walked into the hotel to check-in. The concierge were fantastic They played back the CCTV footage retrieved the cab number and registration plate and managed to track down the cab driver. Thankfully we managed to get our bag back complete with contents so in our eyes the concierge are our herosIt took us a while to get checked in - even though there were only  people in front of us in the queue. Each time we walked through the reception arealobby we always found lots of people waiting to check inout.Once we got checked in we found that they had upgraded us to a deluxe room given it was our honeymoon. The room was spacious had amazing views with floor to ceiling windows and a well stocked mini-bar. If we were to be picky the only down side was the bathroom which in our opinion is in need of some modernisation. The bath wasnt particulary comfortable which is a necessity when youve been on your feet sightseeing for  hours each day All in all this was a lovely hotel and in a great location. We fell in love with San Francisco and its people. Everyone went out of their way to make us feel welcome. What a great way to start our honeymoon .... our next stop Kauaii Hawaii to rest our weary feet	
   	It is OK	A group of us stayed at this hotel during Labor Day Weekend. Our room was not ready until pm and once we checked in we found that we had sheet stains on our bed. I reported to house keeping about the stains and they didnt get back to us until  hours later. We even had problems with our toilet and asked for a room change. They were unable to accommodate us and the only thing they said was sorry. Also the front desk services was just ok nothing great about them. They will even charge you  if you need to print out your online boarding pass. Even the  stars hotel will give it to you for free.	
   	Terrible hoitel	I stay in this hotel for my nephew wedding. The services of the hotel is terrible. The front desk staff took us a long time to check out. The room that we stay is next to the elevator. So there was a lot of nosie. The coffe ker they put in the bathroom. Terrible. The TV is so small. The parking is not valet from the hotel guest . Terrible.	
   	had a good time...	after reading the reviews here i was scared to see how the hotel would turn out but i actually thought it was a pretty nice hotel. but since i know most people like to read what the cons were here you go-our room wasnt ready at pm check-in time which was a bit annoying because i was in dire need of a nap and the main reason i didnt give the full  star rating. we did get a free upgrade. it wasnt a room with much of a view or anything but it was a corner room which im guessing was more spacious than most rooms. it was definitely much more room than we needed...-parking is  a night... so we ided to park at the th amp mission garage yerba buena garage which was  for  hours. i DEFINITELY recommend parking here... just make sure you park at the northeastern-most corner and the hotel is only about a block away-other than that our stay there was pretty great	
  	liked it	the Argent is a good quality hotel in an excellent location just off ket St and close to Union square. The room was big with a couple of armchairs and all furnishings seemed of a high standard. The bed was v comfortable. In addition there was a nice gym just down the corridor with a ent selection of machines to use. Any staff we dealt with were friendly and helpful. We booked at short notice and got a good deal from the internet - approx  per night. For that price it really is a bargain.	
   	A Terrific Hotel	My husband and I are very glad we did not listen to the reviews we read about this hotel on Trip Advisor. The hotel is beautiful and the staff was fabulous. The location is terrific. The rooms are nicely appointed and very clean. Everyone was helpful and very friendly. I cant image why anyone would say anything bad about this hotel.	
   	Average	I am just back from a couple of days stay at the Argent in SF and am not very enthusiastic about the property. Sure this is a  star hotel but there is nothing terrific about it. Checking in at  pm after  hours flight out of Paris we found out that they were totally mixed up in the reservations. The agent was quite unable to use the check in system and we had to wait for  minutes before this was sorted out. No really appologies and not even an offer to have a sit and a drink while the issue was being solved. After a long flight this is all that you dont expect from a  star hotel.The room was quite small although well appointed. Good point  we had a terrific view.No gym no spa. Just a basic hotel with unexisting staff.I shall not return any more.	
   	not four star	booked through hotwire but contacted hotel direct to upgrade to a superiour room with a city view at fee of  per night.Arrived at Argent after hours of flying only to be told my confirmed room was not available due to the hotel overbooking and my  children were going to have to sleep on roll awaysAfter much argueing we eventually got our  queen bedded room.I say queen bedded well they  be queen beds in the  dwarfs house but not when you have  grown ups not overly large grown ups at thatWe asked for extra pillows but got cushionssofa cushionsin a pillow case as they had no extra pillows not very * im sure you will agree general cleanliness was good but the city view was of a crane on a building sitesave your  and spend it on the city tourAnd my last gripe is the upto% parking tax per night was ridiculous.Now onto the good points great location for atampt ball park and the rest of the city cable cars  min walk Chinatown  min walk Liquor store next door and a starbucks accross the street.Well thats it for the good bits.Even at the  to hotwire and our  upgrade fee this place seriously wasnt worth the money.	
   	Loved It	Booked three nights on priceline but after reading the reviews tripadvisor we sent a letter to the reservations manager with starbucks amp restaurant gift certs requesting a nice roomy double on a high floor. When we checked in the desk clerk asked if we wanted a king room. I told him I would prefer a double and that I had sent a letter requesting such as well as a high floor. He went back into the office behind the desk and then returned to say that a double room had just become available on the top floor th -  I think. We were thrilled with that my dhter especially and we enjoyed the view of the Bay Bridge amp Golden Gate Bridge. The rooms were cleaner and roomier than we had expected after reading the reviews. Doormen desk clerk and housekeeping service was excellent. We never ordered room service. The only negative was the shower. The water would be scalding hot for about  seconds after you turned it on and after that lukewarm or cold were the only options. But we enjoyed the view so much that we didnt even report the shower because we were afraid of being moved to another room	
  	Not a  Star Hotel	The hotel is not a  star service hotel. Had to wait for room to be made available upon checkin. Upon getting to the room found it to be  king bed not the requested  double beds. Taking a massage in the hotels gym was a mistake. The massage room is located in a room in the middle of the small gym and every noise in the gym can be heard - so it was not very relaxing. A note sent to the hotel manager after the stay expressing dissatisfaction was never answered. The morning breakfast buffet is not  star and overpriced for what you have in the way of chocies. The hotel is ideally located and the valet parking was very quick and efficient.	
   	pleasant surprise	I booked the Argent on priceline for just  a night. After booking I started reading the recent reviews and was very nervous about staying there but it was already paid for so we tried it. I sent an email asking for a bay view room but with the price we paid I wasnt really hopeful. I received a speedy reply that they would try to meet my request. We arrived at  pm. Even though it was late the front desk clerk was very friendly. Our room was on the th floor with the most amazing view of the city and the bay The floor to ceiling windows are just awesome Every employee went out of their way to be helpful and friendly. The door man chatted about our day and offered to give any help we needed with directions and suggestions. I never opened a door. The bell staff was attentive and helpful though not pushy. All in all it was a wonderful stay.	
   	Okay for price	Booked on their website they had my name wrong when I arrived weird so couldnt find reservation until I gave them confim #. Minibar had  filled water bottle from previous guest. Booked executive king got delux with only shower and two doubles - did not adjust the rate. Would not book again there are better hotels more central.	
  	Great Location at a good price	I recently went to SF for a one night vacation. A friend had booked a hotel telling me only that it was quota  star.quot Ive stayed in some pretty shoddy  stars and its location in SoMa was disconcerting.However upon pulling up to the Argent I was amazed by the friendliness of the staff and their eagerness to help with every aspect of my trip.The room was pretty standard but well stocked well appointed. However as with most hotels I found an accumulation of dust in out-of-the-way areas. The rest of the room was spotless and the view quite pleasing. The location of the Argent  a block off of ket made getting around the city by cabbie very convenient.I would reccommend the Argent to anyone travelling to SF as I would definetely stay there again	
   	Never again	It pains me to not recommend this place because I used to think it was one of the best-run independent hotels in SF. I stayed there for business a few times recommended it to friends and associates and even had a surprise birthday party for my wife there booked rooms for her parents amp best friends for the weekend.Ive had happy stays at the Argent over the last couple years but Im definitely not going back. The place is starting to look amp feel run down and the service especially from front desk staff has been borderline rude. The first time this happened I was willing to give them a second chance only because of past history but when the same incidents happened again last month I ided to never go back. I dont appreciate it when I make a reservation for a non-smoking room w king bed and all thats available is smoking rooms w  twins and then Im blamed because I booked through Orbitz or Travelocity I wont be using either of those sites anymore either. Apparently if you book through an aggregator web site the hotel doesnt care if you get what you asked for and doesnt care that youve spent thousands there previously.	
  	Be careful of this hotel	I would avoid this place for now. Very disturbing the hotel does not want to help the police with its investigation.My weekend stay there was ok. The service at the hotel was below average on the verge of terrible. The room was nice. I could never reccomend this place to anyone.httpwww.sfgate.comcgi-binarticle.cgif=caHOTEL.TMP	
   	Four Star	Hotel was fine. Location was good. Just a few things that suprised me for a four-star hotel* Stains on the bedspread very obvious dark stains in three places* Stains on the neckroll on the bed again very obvious* Stains on the carpetOther than the stains I felt the room was clean. Everyone was friendly.I will have to say that paying day for internet access at a four-star hotel was a bit of a suprise. However I have to stay in touch so I paid.  for a run-of-the-hotel room and another  for internet. Wow.If this place was rated a three-star I would have given it a four.	
   	Im moving on...	Ill start with the positives. The staff particularly the quotgruntsquot maids etc were very friendly and helpful. I didnt find the check-in people particularly pleasant but be they were just stressed. The rooms are clean and the location is great. Its just a short walk to the cable car bus and BART station. I love this area in SF.The downside is the cost. I paid  per night for  nights through Travelocity. You want internet access Thats another  per day. Parking . You would think with the amount of business travellers they must get being next door to the Moscone Center that they would cater somewhat to that demographic. At the prices they charge you would think they could throw in the internet rather than trying to wring every last dollar they can out of you. I have to go back to SF in e and Ill be looking for somewhere else to stay.	
  	Not What They Think They Are	I should begin by saying that Im only being generous and giving this hotel  stars because the room we ended up in was a free upgrade to one of the deluxe rooms on the st floor and once we were settled into it it wasnt that bad. The view was fantastic.Everything else however not so much.The guy who was checking us in was a ent fellow but certainly not the kind of person who should be alone manning the front desk of a hotel that really wanted to win the hearts and minds of San Francisco visitors. We booked the room on a whim via Priceline and got a pretty good deal all things considered but I honestly cant see what people see in this hotel. We must have been ked with a little price-line dart when we walked in the door which signaled the staff to be rude and completely ignore us. Ironically both of us avid travelers and people who tell other people about things like... umm... hotels.The restaurant seems to be a haven of overpriced faux-fancy meals and the staff overall were about as friendly as a bunch of  year olds who had just lost a baseball game. We were also told  times that we shouldnt expect to receive the same great room next time we came. Well after that rd time I assured them that there was no need to worry because we wouldnt be back.In a city as amazing as San Francisco there are just too many great places to stay that will welcome you with open arms no matter how much you pay for your room.	
   	Great For Business Trips	I was in San Francisco attending a trade show at Moscone Center and chose the Argent because of its close proximity to Moscone. It was overall a great experience. The rooms were attractive and the beds comfortable. The Argent is also walking distance to major shopping areas and museums. My only complaint is that the walls were a little thin which meant that conversations taking place out in the hallway were broacast loud and clear into my room. I would recommend the Argent for business travelers but not neccesarily for romantic or family trips.	
   	Someone elses underpants at the Argent	My boyfriend told me good things about the many times he stayed at this hotel before so I was very curious to find out for myself.Upon arrival people at the reception were friendly and check-in went very quickly. We received one of the corner rooms away from the elevators with floor to ceiling windows. There were some small details that didnt make the room look fabulous thorn curtains burn stains on sheets thorn carpet... but overall it looked nice so I didnt complain about it. The bed was very good and the bathroom was clean.On the first morning we opened only one pair of curtains and left the other pair closed. When we arrived back in the room after housekeeping went through it the curtains were exactly as we left them and it stayed like this for the  days we spent there. On the third day I moved the chair standing in the corner to the middle of the room just to see whether they would put it back and again nothing happened.But all this is nothing compared to our last evening there When we were packing I found a pair of underpants on the floor in the walk-in closet carpeted so normally a place that should at least be vacuum-cleaned which didnt belong to my boyfriend or me I was completely stunned and I called the front desk to complain about this. The answer of the receptionist to my rek that I had a complaint about house-keeping was quotOh no.quot She transferred the call to house-keeping I explained the problem I heard her lhing on the phone very professional and the only thing she said was quotDo you think they have been lying there all week What the ** do I care I dont want underpants of someone else in my bedroom. Would you like someone to pick it upquot No excuses no nothing.Needless to say I dont think this hotel is worth the money and we will definitely never be staying there again. Avoid this place	
   	Quite a Nice Place	We were just in S.F. for  nights at a meeting event held at the Argent. Everything was great. We asked to have a room overlooking the bay and were given a room on the th floor - we could see the Golden Gate Bridge Bay Bridge Alcratraz and Angel Island. Very nice king bed wonderful or. Nice bathroom. As others suggested TV was small but so what - we werent there to watch tv. All in all a great experience. We would choose this hotel if returning to S.F. in the future.	
  	The Argent has gone downhill-watch out	I have stayed at the Argent a few times before this visit and while not a great hotel it does have a good location and have grown use to it faults and all. However this last visit was just after an ownership change and it has gone downhill considerably. We changed rooms a couple of times and each had their own problem from elevator noise to clogged sinks. The thrid room we finally ended up in was a very small corner room that barely allowed us space to get around our luggage. I figured since we booked through expedia they didnt give us a choice of nicer rooms.The usually terrific staff has been cut to the bone. There was never a bellman visable at the desk the entire weekend and the concierge was the worst Ive ever come across. When asked to reccomend a restaurant they handed us an outdated list of so-so places and told us we had to call them ourselves The only service they were eager to provide was a city tour. They mustve asked us a half a dozen times to book one even after we told them wed been to the city numerous times. This is not quotan award winning concierge teamquot as advertised. The room service food was late and cold. Our dirty tray sat outside our door until the late evening along with numerous others. Whats going on here This hotel use to be nice but no more for me. I come to SF a few times a year and will go to another hotel in the future. I would advise everyone to do the same.	
  	Lost my heart in...........	After reading some of these reviews I was worried having booked through hotwire and being from the UK. Main complaints seem to be about the TV - I am sorry but you are in San Francisco one of the most beautiful cities in the world and you are worring about the size of the TV be being british we cant understand that one We were traveling as a family  adults amp  kids aged  and  and we loved it. I called ahead direct to the hotel for a high floor room amp we ended up on the th floor with views to the bay and to SOMA. The Argent is a welcoming place with a great bar ent sized rooms bathrooms are clean and with plentiful shampoo gel etc. Valet checkin - really friendly and gave great advice on what to do weve been before but appreciated the update. Location surely cannot be beaten. The Argent is changing owners so who knows what  happen next however our experience was v good so my advice would be to go for it	
  	Loved Argent Would come back	My husband and i arrived at Argent on a Sunday about  a.m. There was a bit of waiting since more people were checking out. When i explained that we just flew in and needed to go right away to a conference session at Moscone we had no problems checking in earlier than the normal check-in time. For quotdiscountquot Internet hotel reservations customers----------------------------------------------------After winning the bid for  per night at Priceline i read numerous travelers reviews of Argent. Since it seemed that even with a discount we might still be able to a nice room at a higher floor which according to other reviews should be somewhere above th to th. We then took an early flight from NY to SF to avoid a late arrival late check-in and an unsatisfactory room assignment.A very nice soft-spoken lady named Kathy greeted me at the registration front desk. While she was looking my name up i asked her if it was possible for my husband and i to get something at a floor higher up. She asked whether we preferred a King or two Doubles i picked a King and without any problems she put us on the th floor So my suggestion is try your best to avoid late check-ins.Size of the room----------------Some travelers were saying that when they lie in bed they could literally reach the television with their toes - So we were anxious to find out what our room looked like. When we opened the door with the card we were both WOWing It was a corner room and it was NOT small at all The first thing that cht my attention was the floor-to-ceiling glass window as advertised on Argenthotel and the view while not looking at neither Bay Bridge nor Golden Bridge was quite amazing as well. There were some highrise buildings a few blocks away in most directions and i am pretty sure higher floors could get better views of be the bridges but overall the th floor is already not blocked by adajacent or across-the-street buildings. For the room itself and its layout please see the pictures attached. But i thought the pictures still do not show that the size of the room is great. From my limited sense of direction in a city where i had never been Room  is very likely facing northeast. Also through opened doors i could see that other rooms on th floor are more like square layouts. They e.g. Rm  seem to be larger than the corner rooms and they seem to have double beds.Internet access---------------Some previous reviews were complaining that Argent charged  or so per day for Internet access. Interesting enough a friend of mine who was staying at a nearby hotel told us that she was able to pick up some signals from the street and we did In Rm  for instance the signal was on and off in bed yet remained rather stable on the desk by the window.The concierge-------------The concierge at Argent now provides complimentary boarding pass printing or e check-in. i did not know about this until i made a phone call to the front desk inquiring whether there was any charged document-printing service.What is lacking---------------A swimming pool since Argent is said to have a -star rating And one funny thing is the hotel does not provide shower caps. They probably a hairdryer will do after people wash their faces - Transportations---------------i believe most people do their homework before going to San Francisco Bay area yet i still highly recommend paying  at the ticket station Powell @ ket Street for the one-day pass which allows traveling on buses and cable cars.  for a two-day pass etc.	
   	Very disappointing	Just returned from SF yesterday. We had a suite with a good view but the or was barely a step above Days Inn. The bathtub had builders grade tile for example. As someone else mentioned the TV screen was too small and too far away from bed. I asked maintenance to come up and move it closer to bed so we sat for our five-night stay with a TV cabinet moved five feet away from wall toward bed just so we could see. Hey we had to watch the Academy Awards. Room service food was not great. Room service was not open  hours. They would not deliver papers to the door in the morning although they had them downstairs. Theres no sundries shop. Temperature in room was often too cold and could not be adjusted properly.	
   	Very good experience	After reading some of the reviews here I was expecting the worst but we had quite a different experience. Rode in on BART and got off at Powell Street. The hotel is a couple of good sized blocks away but we had no problems with two large suitcases. Because its a downtown area there are street folks who live there that make life interesting. Check-in was non-eventful and the young lady there was quick and courteous. We got a th floor room that was quite roomy. My only quotcomplaintquot was that the tv was tiny and tough to view from the bed but there was ample room for us and our suitcases. The bathroom was nothing spectacular but clean and towels were ent. We had a view of the Moscone Convention Center. Since that was where we were going to spend the next  days it was actually a pretty good view. We spent  per night. This was a discount due to the Fancy Food Show block rates. We didnt dine at the restaurants at the hotel. Very pricy. Lots of great restaurants nearby.If you can get a good price I have no qualms in recommending this hotel.	
   	All smoke and mirrors	Shabby despite the glossy lobby - rooms had stained covers on beds knocked-up furniture mold on the bathroom walls which were mismatched tile and large stains on the carpet. My first room any room with  in the number apparently backed on the service elevator shaft which was as the name suggests in service all night - the entire room shook My second room was better and the front desk staff were accomodating enough but no one not even the deaf should be put in those rooms without being forewarned A friends room was similarly worn and tired and barely big enough to turn around in.	
  	Dont expect much	Stayed here for  nights the only plus for this hotel is its location. Our room on the th floor the only one available they said overlooked the fabulous concrete car park opposite the hotel. The room was far too small for a hotel boasting a  star rating. Dodging parked cars at the entrance was just not exceptable. The sink was cracked towels far too small and the toileteries were only supplied on an ad hoc basis. Overall a  star rating would suffice this hotel. We would avoid this hotel if visiting SF again.	
   	Wonderful hotel in a great location	Our recent stay of  nights was everything we wanted in a clean ent business-class hotel at a great location short walk from Union Square. The Argent feels more comfortable than the nearby riott which can feel like Grand Central when its busy. Our room on the th floor felt spacious even with  queen beds Im not sure why the folks on the st floor in other reviews were disappointed but perhaps their room was smaller for some reason.Nice views from floor-to-ceiling windows on the even-numbered side of the hotel to downtown and beyond. Excellent housekeeping and amenities typical of a business-class hotel e.g. coffee maker comfy and stylish cocktail lounge fitness room etc.The staff were uniformly friendly helpful and welcoming with knowledgeable concierge services and very chamring friendly doormen quotSlumming at Gumps again ladiesquot. Were nice middle-aged ladies so be we reminded them of Mom. Weve visited San Francisco a few times for business and leisure and have stayed at a number of hotels. Weve stayed here before and would stay again. Excellent pricevalue.Not a far walk from many attractions -- Moscone Center for conferences Union Square Ferry building SOMA cable car terminal etc.Minor flaws we had to ask for robes even though an earlier email confirmed that robes would be in the room. They wre promptly delvered. A lamp in the dressing area was missing making the area dark. Im sure it will be replaced soon.	
  	Argent BA Service A	We stayed at the Argent Hotel for  nights as part of a ten day tour of California. We received red carpet treatment during our stay. I dont know if being part of a large tour group caused us to receive quotVIPquot service but our experience does seem much more positive than other reviewers.We arrived at  a.m. from a cross-country flight. We were fully prepared to drop our luggage off at the hotel and entertain ourselves until the  scheduled check-in. To our surprise our room was ready and we were permitted to check-in immediately.Yes the rooms are small but of the hotels we viewed in the immediate area they are all quotcondensedquot being in the middle of downtown San Fran.We had a terrific bay view on the th floor and the or was updated and contemporary.Eric one of the conciereges rocks He was able to procure reservations for us at prime times at two highly desirable restaurants. We had tried on our own to get into one of the spots only to be told that the waiting list to eat there was quotmonths long.quot He definitely went the extra mile to make our stay unforgettableThe hotel dining room has average food and okay service-typical hotel fare. There are many restaurants within walking distance with so many choices we tried to eat off the premises when possible. Overall-rooms were small but spiffy and staff went above and beyond to make our stay relaxing and special.	
  	VERY small rooms... overall just OK hotel	I have gone to San Francisco several times in my lifetime and wanted to try a new hotel. After much research we settled on the Argent for its location to the BART station proximity to Union Square and Chinatown and some good reviews here on Trip Advisor. We were really questioning why we ided to try something else from the moment we walked in the door. Nobody offered to help us with our bags which seemed odd but whatever. We then made our way over to the check-in counter. There were two people in front of that were waiting in line. They did not appear to be together and both looked quite puzzled. After waiting  minutes with nobody at the front counter to help us I fear that we had the same puzzled looks on our faces. I finally asked them how long they had been waiting...  said about  more minutes than we had and the other simply said too long. My boyfriend then took a tour of the rather small lobby area to see if anyone was working that evening after no offer on the bags and a empty counter at check in. He found someone who must have made a call because only then did someone come out of the little office adjacent to the check in counter. He looked as if we had woke him up from a nap. We finally were helped after a  minute wait and the gentleman that checked us in was quite nice but still looked a little groggy. On to the room We thought... THIS HAS TO GET BETTER. Well not so much it turns out. The room was very small and very outdated. We were in  which did offer a ent view but that is the only plus to this room. I completely agree with the other reviewer that said it was possible to change the channel with your toes from bed as it was that small. It is worth noting that we were in what was considered to be an quotupgradequot room which is the deluxe. They have three categories standard superior and deluxe before getting into the suite category. So the deluxe was the best of the standard so to speak. I would have hated to see the other rooms. In closing the only pleasant experience we had was with the doorman on our way out on the town two times. He was very nice. Who knows where he was the night we came in. There are far better hotels in SF for the price of this one. We will NOT be returning to the Argent. Thank goodness there are many choices so as not to be stuck with a sub standard hotel.	
  	Tiny room  floors above San Francisco	The Aregent Hotel was built in  by Air France perhaps that is why the rooms in the hotel are more European small. We joked that we did not need a remote control for the TV we could lie in bed and change a channel with our toes. The bath was very small and very basic. We were rather more fortunate with the view. The first room we were given was a corner one even smaller on the th floor it reeked of smoke. We refused it and were given room  the st floor is smoke free. We had a great view of the city Union Square parts of the Oakland Bay Bridge and one Tower of the Golden Gate in the distance. The fog rolling in is very interesting to watch. Room service for breakfast was much better than Jesters downstairs. We ate breakfast at Jesters one morning. Toast was beyond them...first effort was simple wheat bread sent it back and it returned burned. The staff were friendly and helpful. Other people in our group agreeded with us the Aregent is a good location but a real disappointment.	
  	Nice but nothing spectacular.	We stayed in the Argent for our first hotel on our honeymoon at the start of our tour down the west coast of America and as we had just got ried we were obviously excited and were hoping to get a really nice room. We checked in at about pm after a really long day of travelling from the UK and the guy on the front desk Jean was soooo rude - we couldnt get over how rude he was. My husband actually said - quotsorry to put you outquot - because all we doing was checking in and he was huffing and puffing and just generally had no communication skills. So we were not too impressed with our first encounter The room was nice a bit dated but fine. We were on our honeymoon and didnt just want fine but... The consierge was very helpful and that made us feel better about the hotel. The portors and door staff are also fantastic. The room service food was lovely but very overpriced. There were a lot of business conferences going on and it did feel like we had no personal attention and werent important guests. The location of the hotel is perfect - a few minutes walk from Union Sqaure and the cable car station that takes you down to the Fishermans Wharf. Our stay was fine but not what i wanted for my first nights as a ried couple. San Francisco was amazing though	
   	Business traveller 	I stayed at the Argent tember th-th attending a conference being held there. ROOMS - were average - nothing really luxurious. I saw a couple different rooms - the room set up seems to be quite varied. CONFERENCE FACILITIES - the rooms were very cold The lunches were good although the morning and afternoon snacks were not varied at all day to day - not sure if this was a result of catering or the conference organizers. LOCATION - well situated downtown - less than a  minute walk to Union Square - a - cab fare to Fishermans Wharf. SERVICE -no problems checking in - I was able to have really early check-in. Room service and phone charges are a bit outrageous. Consierge was not overly helpful - we ended up going to the consierge at a different hotel to get further help. Overall - I agree with the last review - it is a hotel more geared to the business traveller. I likely wouldnt stay there again unless I had a conference to attend there	
  	Didnt feel friendly	The hotel was good rooms were fine location was grand resurant was nice but my overall feeling for the place is that they cater more for business people and large groups and arent interested particularly in tourists.be its just because its a large hotel in a large city but was not made to feel welcomeat ease - almost as if they looked down their nose at you. There was no particular incident that can support this but we just got an overall inpersonal service which is not what i would expect from a  diamond hotel.I would recommend this hotel if you are a business traveller but not if you are a couple of tourists like we were.	
   	Underwhelmed. Not deserving of  starsdiamonds.	A bit overrated hardest mattress this side of the Mississippi. Front desk is understaffed. One overworked over-stressed worker checking people in while  people were in line waiting. This occurred at pm not midnight Obviously he was not very friendly at all. Many tours send their guests here. Dont expect  star service. One good point the lobby was very sleek and clubby. Unfortunately rooms were dated shabby stained. The bathroom felt like a Residence Inn.	
  	Fantastic	We stayed in this hotel for four nights towards the end of a round the world trip. From the moment we arrived until the morning we departed we were delighted with the hotel and the courteous and helpful staff. Our attractively furnished room was very comfortable with a beautiful view over the the park and the city. We found the location ideal for shopping restaurants and tram rides to the bay. We had dinner in the dining room once and breakfast twice and enjoyed good food and service. Our stay was rounded off nicely with a trip to the airport in one of the hotel limousines.	
  	Very nice visit	We checked in on a Saturday around pm. Without even asking we were upgraded to the th floor. What a wonderful surprise this was and the view was very good. Could see part of the Golden Gate bridge and the view of Alcatraz was very neat. Very quiet hotel and that is a good hotel for me.We booked through Expedia and got a very good rate. I would defintely come back here.	
   	Room service closed during the day	I stayed at the Argent last month and was dissapointed with several things. I was at a convention across the street at the Moscone and came back to my room around noon for a conference call. I called room service and was told that it was not open for lunch only breakfast and dinner. I therefore had to rush next door to the liquor store and buy a sandwich. Unacceptable for a * business hotel. The next day I had a late meeting so ided to go to breakfast after a run at around AM. I was told the restaurant was closed and wouldnt reopen until AM. Again Unacceptable. Fedex tried to deliver me a package for pre AM delivery but noone was present at the loading dock. Next time I will be staying round the corner at the riott.	
   	Boutique style and fairly nice	Had a corner room high up with a nice view of the city. Fairly close to Union Square and the financial district. OK check in nothing too friendly but accomodating. ble-style lobby with lots of black and brown. Rooms had the usual amenities were quiet and bathroom was nice. Room was in good shape. Didnt eat at the restaurant. Hallways were bright. Elevators were quick. ent gym. Overall a good stay.	
  	Great view and location	We reserved this hotel through priceline and paid  a night for it. We stayed there for  nights in y. I was very satisfied with my experience at The Argent. My husband and I came to San Francisco for vacation and even though The Argent seems to be more of a business hotel it was great for tourists as well. For starters the location is unbeatable. We were able to walk to some great cafes for breakfast cafe venue and boudin. The conceirges provided us with helpful restaurant recommendations and directions to sights. The hotel was clean and staff friendly and helpful. We were upgraded to the th floor with a great view of the city no extra charge though we did have to ask for it. The bed and tolietries are my only complaints -- the bed in our room was HARD and uncomfortable and the pillows were very small. They didnt have very good shampoos soaps or conditioners. I felt the hotel would more appropriately considered a   star hotel as it lacks the plushness and amenties that a  star hotel has. But for the price location and service and if you get a good price on a room its worth staying.	
  	Great location good value	Ive stayed here twice now once on business last summer and over the y th weekend this year with my wife and -month-old dhter. I chose it over the Union Square boutique hotels I usually frequent for a couple of reasons -- the location closer to to Yerba Buena Gardens and the carousel half-block from ket for convenience to the street cars etc. the size of the rooms and the potential for a ent view and the fact that they were offering a ent holiday weekend special rate.Despite booking via hotels we had no trouble getting a rd floor room. It was a bit close to the elevator but we had no complaints about elevator or hall noise. The room as I expected from my previous stay was larger than those in most of the affordable Union Square hotels -- an important consideration with a toddler in tow. Our floor-to-ceiling window afforded a nice if unspectacular view of Yerba Buena Gardens SBC Park and the bay beyond. We elected to skip the crowds of the Pier  fireworks on the Fourth but got to see at least five different fireworks displays from different areas around town from our window -- a pleasant surprise.The room appointments were perfectly acceptable and clean the fabrics on the chairs showed a little wear if you looked carefully but were clean and stylish. The in-room safe provided a convenient place for my wife to park her purse and some of the small but expensive items she purchased while there.Ive never had occasion to try the onsite restaurant  Jesters-- its pricey and didnt seem like someplace that would deal very well with a toddler. There are plenty of other places to eat nearby and we were there to see SF not hole up in the hotel all day and night.In-room internet access is .day which is the highest Ive seen anywhere in the country including several Manhattan Boston and Chicago hotels. In a way that was a good thing since I ided it wasnt worth it and had a good excuse to ignore my e-mail for the duration. Phone charges can also be exorbitant as I discovered on my first stay there -- my cell phone battery died and Id forgotten my charger so I had to use the room phone for a couple of local calls and a toll-free conference call which altogether cost me nearly . Didnt make that mistake this time. Since Ive been to SF at least two dozen times often for a week at a time over the last  years I know my way around and know what there is to do. Given that and since we werent trying to do shows and such I only had occasion to consult the concierge once -- to find out whether the cable car schedule was different on the Fourth of y holiday. Didnt know and was distracted and not particularly friendly otherwise the staff was at least cordial and in some cases friendly.If your usual accomodations are the Four Seasons Ritz-Carlton Hotel Nikko Pan Pacific or the like youll probably find the Argent a bit of a come-down. It doesnt have the character of the Prescott or the affordability of the Andrews. But if room size and location are among your prime criteria you should definitely give it some consideration.	
  	liked it	If I could Id give The Argent a   stars. Since I dont have the option to give  star I am giving it a . My boyfriend would have given it a  because of the hospitality so we compromised. The room was average. We had a corner room so the setting was a little strange and we found it a bit small. We were told at check-in it was the best guest room they had. The TV was not exactly right in front of the bed but a little to the left of the bed. We found it a bit difficult to watch TV while laying on the bed. The bathroom was small and the water pressure was low. Like most hotels in downtown no matter how high you are you can still hear the loudness of the city... Despite a very comfortable bed I had a difficulty sleeping due to the noises police sirene church bell etc.. However the employees were very friendly and very helpful. I am giving the service  stars. Staying here also made it very easy to go places... a few blocks from Union Square a couple blocks from Metreon SF Shopping Malls.. No problem finding things to do... I will recommend the hotel.	
  	Disappointing	We found The Argent Hotel very ordinary and easily forgettable. The bedroom was adequate but the bathroom was tiny and outdated and the bathtub so small that any normal sized person would have difficulty fitting in.We had read reports from other tripadvisor members of rooms being dirty but we could not fault the cleanliness.The public areas were nice and the location was good but thats about it. If we visted San Fransisco again we would not stay at The Argent but would check into the Westin St Francis which is in a better location overlooking Union Square and has much more character.	
  	not worth the price	We stayed at the Argent hotel from the nd e  for  nights. We had requested a king bed high floor room and had spoken to the reservations dept on two arate occasions regarding the request. We had the displeasure of being checked in by an extremly hostile lady who proceeded to advise us that the company that we had booked our rooms with only had rooms from the st-th floor as they paid a discounted rate. Since i work for that particular company I was appalled that she would tell myself and other customers this. She did not offer any infomation about the hotel and im convinced she gave us one of the worst rooms. The room we had on the th floor overlooked a moss covered roof and the car park it was depressing to say the least but after a long journey and busy schedule we stayed put. Aside from the view the carpet was dirty the bath stained and had mildew and long black hairs in it. The carpets in the corridor were filthy. The next day i asked if their was any other rooms available and was offered a th floor next to the elevators which i refused. At that point i ided to unpack and not worry. The staff were mostly snobbish and rude like working for the Argent gave them some kind of status that was above yours. The prices were outrageous and the concierge staff distracted and lukewarm. The location wasnt bad but since the main reason we booked the hotel was because of its floor to ceiling windows offering a great view without the view and with the poor attitude of the staff its really not worth the extra money.	
   	Dirty tired and unfriendly hotel	I stayed at the Argent in   and found . absence of valet to assist with a rental car . absence of a bellman to assist with luggage when i attempted to check in at pm . front desk staff un-attentive and un-aware of the layout of the hotel by giving me a room with a connecting door when i requested no connecting door and far from the elevator . room service was not available after p -- and that was just the check-in to the hotelThe room was small and smelled of smoke plastic and ---. There were hairs on the floor of the bathroom and the view of an alley. There was a connecting door and the sound of an arguement next door.When I went back to the front desk to ask for a different room i was told that the only other room available was on a smoking floor. When i went to the smoking room i found the room to have the same smell of the first room.The hallways of the hotel were dirty dust wall stains scratches the room was poorly designed so that i could not see the tiny tv from the bed the pay-per-view movie was of terrible quality. I called the front desk and ask that it be removed from my bill after hoping that the quality of the movie would improve and was told that it would be removed.The bed was ok. Bathroom small and without the amenities of a luxury hotel i.e. conditionerbody soap shoe shine kit sewing kit. Room was unorganized with power chords showing. Only good thing about the hotel was the floor to ceiling windows which showed fingerprints and smudge ks.I was charged  for internet connection and wifi was not available.Breakfast in the morning at Jesters restaurant was mediocre at best where there was a wait for a breakfast table with almost nobody in the restaurant.I will never stay at the Argent hotel again.The W  Seasons riot Palo and Palace hotels are  block away and know how to take care of a guest.	
   	Am I a snob	I stayed at the Argent Hotel for a business trip the weekend  -. It was one block from the Moscone convention center and near many great restaurants. Until I read some of these reviews I did not know that this was considered an upscale - star hotel. I had seen pictures on the website and thought it looked like it was going to be great. It was obvious the hotel had been remolded and updated with modern furntiure and orations. However when I arrived in my room the furniture and orations while modern were in bad condition. There were beautiful mustard colored high back chairs to sit in but there was a noticeable dark area where most people would rest their heads. The carpets were dirty the armoire doors were broken and there were ks left from suitcases and who knows what else all over the walls. Some simple touch up paint could leave a much better impression. The bathroom was worse the tub stained brown the shower curtain was old and stained. On a good note the service was good concierge was helpful and the location was great. The price is ent too for San Francisco. The view from my room was also spectacular. If you are looking for a luxury experience I would go to the Ritz Carlton or the Four Seasons a block from the hotel. Its good if you get a deal but dont expect the best of your life experience.	
  	Great Value good location	Was a little leary from some of the reviews. Got a great deal via an internet booking. Arrived late and was upgraded to the th floor with great views and a larger room.Quality is consistent with hotel of this class location is great. If you get a good internet deal dont worry book it. Service is average but in my case you dont vacation with the hotel staff as long as they clean the rooms and check you in and out fine who cares if you get a good deal.Note parking area is a disaster. You can get stuck in the drop off area due to congestion. Find better alternatives than hotel parking. There is a parkade right across the street.	
  	Freindly service mediocre rooms	Spent a weekend at the Argent mid-il . Pleased by the courtesey of both hotel amp valet staff. Somewhat disappointed in the cleanliness of our room carpet could definately have been more thouroughly vaccumed. Had booked an Asian Art Museum package amp upgraded from quotSuperiorquot to quotDeluxe Kingquot the difference between the two is . A king size bed as opposed to two double beds . We got a room quotwith a viewquot looking over the Yerba Buena Gardens amp the Metreon complex. I was glad that I had booked the room on a higher floor because of the layout of the City as there is little to see from the lower floors.Room service was prompt amp friendly but a little pricey even for those of us with  amp  star tasteReceived a good deal by purchasing the Asian Art Museum package room alone would have normally cost - but we spent less than  on the room valet parking museum admission dinner out amp room service for breakfast. By the way amp slightly off subject the Asian Art museum is beautiful amp most definitely recommended to visitors to San Francisco or anyone with an intrest in Eastern history amp culture.	
  	not luxury at all	My first trip to San Francisco was great minus the hotel room.Booked about  weeks before my arrival but when I arrived was informed that the kingdeluxe room I had requested wasnt available remember I had booked  weeks ahead - weekend getaway special and my partner and I would only have access to a room with  double beds and we could ask the next morning if there was finally a king room available.When we got to the room. the view was spectacular but the room wasnt at all deluxe.There were chips of wood taken out of the light fixtures the TV was tiny with horrible reception on most channels bathroom only had one tiny bar of soap for both the sink AND the tub the bathtub was difficult to get in and out of if youre under quot....etc.None of which I would deem luxury accomidations.Btw we never did request the room we had origionally booked. There was a Mexican Soccer Team in for the weekend and we were afraid of being put in a room either on a rowdy floor or beside the ice making machine.The view was the iding factor.I have friends that want to visit San Francisico in the future and unfortuantly the Argent Hotel will not be on the list of places to stay Im afraid.	
  	Very Enjoyable	We stayed at the Argent for  nights. The property is well maintained the rooms were clean and spacious the staff was friendly and the overall experience was pleasant. I would have rated the experience excellent but I was taken aback by a few things. Parking is  night the prices at Jesters Restaurant are ridiculous  for a cup of coffee . for O.J.  for a couple of eggs The consierge John was great. We were traveling with our sons  amp  and hes an expert on kids in S.F. All in all if you dont mind the gouging for incidentals and get a ent rate its a great place to stay. BTW forget about the hotel workers strike it was a non event.	
  	Pleasantly surprised	We stayed here over labor day weekend  having found a good price off of the internet and were really pleasantly surprised at how nice it was. I already knew the area having lived in SF previously but was never aware of this hotel. I found the staff to be very friendly and the rooms very plush-- not huge but nice detail that I did not expect. We were upgraded for free to a room on a high floor and had a nice view with a great big floor to ceiling window. I would definitely stay here again and highly recommend it as a great value for the price.	
  	I wouldnt call it a luxury hotel....	After reviewing the other opinions and the Argents website I was fully prepared for my conference stay the weekend of uary . The conference rate expired before I booked so I was forced to get a standard room because of the exhorbitant room prices which were in line with neighboring luxury hotels. I emailed the reservations department for a lower rate but they never responded.   After reading others suggestions I requested an upgrade in room category with a view and they obliged but put me in a room next to the elevator which was noisy. I went back down and requested another and they obliged again which was nice. I was on the th floor I believe with a limited view of the bay.  The hotel would like to be luxury but it is not quite there yet because the devil is in the details. There are scuff ks on the walls and doors poor paint jobs everywhere and yes no shower caps. The laundry bags are actually plastic grocery bags. There should be robes in some of the rooms but arent.   The reservation agents are obliging and the concierges are the absolute best. The location of the hotel is a nice walk to the bay [for walkers and runners] and is in a prime spot as its just a short bus or cable car ride to anywhere.  The room service prices are too expensive. For breakfast there is a buffet for about  but dont get there even  minutes early because the hostess will not seat you until they officially open. One thing I didnt like was for two mornings straight she argued loudly with the wait staff about tables eliciting a few stares.  If you are big on details I would stay elsewhere. Otherwise this is a great spot when you get a deal on a room. I wouldnt pay more than  unless your travel is reimbursable. My room was  and that was too much. 	
  	Just Fine	I had a deluxe room on the th floor with a splendid view over the south bay very comfortable room  checked out of my gaudy and overdone quotboutiquequot hotel on Geary after  nights how much or do you really need for a room to be stayable interestingly my instinct about the Argent was good for me as it is quottied upquot with De Vere Hotels in the UK and two weeks ago I stayed for  nights at the De Vere Cavendish in London which I thought was the best hotel I have stayed in during twenty years of visiting London Argents location is fine and only a short  block walk to the theaters etc on Geary and Union Square in any event there is so much to do in downtown SF unlike LA 	
  	Dont check in - Check out	We have also just come back from our visit to San Francisco and stayed in the Argent.The strike was ongoing during our stay and was very disruptive. You couldnt dine in the resturant or go through the door without hearingseeing the protesters.The hotel was moderate and frankly I was disappointed. Especially after seeing the website and reading previous reviews.Most of the staff are on strike there so they have hired in temporary skeleton staff.Our room was on the th floor and even that far up we could hear the protesters outside shouting.The room could have been cleaner and we too got the impression that the bedding was not changed daily.The resturant was average and featured the same set menu for each day of our stay. I think that the award winning chef must also have been on strikeThere was no entertainment within the hotel itself - despite what it says on their website. We felt threatened if we went outside the hotel at night as there are a lot of homeless people in the area.My advice to you  Dont check in - check outIf we go to San Francisco again we will stay in the Argonaut at the Fishermans Wharf - the area is really pretty and there are plenty of nice resturantsbars in the immediate vicinty.	
   	Very Disappointed	My wife and I stayed at the Argent from  th-th for a combined conferencevacation. We were not informed that the hotel workers were on strike and locked out. When we arrived from the airport we were greeted by picketers banging on drums and yelling for us to quotcheck out dont check inquot. They were there every day from am-pm and the racket was deafening. The hotel staff that was working seemed unapologetic and had little interest in making our stay comfortable. There was no room service available though they were more than happy to give us menus for local take out joints. The housekeeping service was horrible. We had to call to ask for toilet paper and tissues the tissue box was empty for  days. It didnt look like they changed the sheets for our stay as they were wrinkled and just hidden underneath the comforter which by the way we had left a note asking them not to put it on the bed but they continually replaced it on the bed even after we told them my wife was allergic to the fabric. We could never get anyone on the phone to help us. I would pass on the argent and check and make sure the strike is over before venturing to San Francisco.	
  	Could have been a nice stay	Room was clean and comfortable but small. Horrible view of construction site and roof of building next door full of bird droppings. Yuk. I asked for another room not because of the gross view but because we were next door to the squeaky loud freight elevator. Front desk was so rude and unhelpful I had to ask for a manager. Manager wasnt much better. Reluctantly gave us another room facing the street that was just as loud. I couldnt expect much quieter I guess. After all this front desk lost a package that my husband had delivered to him. Desk person was EXTREMELY rude claiming never to receive it. My husband had to confirm with the sender that it was in fact delivered then went back to the front desk to actually look for the package himself. When he spotted it the front desk person was so annoyed. No apologies were given. Staff was friendly upon checkout. Go figure.	
  	They tried their best	In a town like San Francisco brimming with high end hostelries the Argent has its work cut out for it. It is no five star and struggles for that fourth star in my humble opinion. Though friendly and competent the staff struggles with rudimentary requests. Every phone call I made to a hotel service unit went to voicemail. I wondered if there was a human being left to run the hotel There is no room service between  and  PM whats that about The new Four Seasons is right around the corner. I looked longingly at it from my room at the Argent.	
  	Couldnt fault it	Great place to stay. All the staff were very friendly and helpful. The place is within walking distance of everything and we had a great view from our room. Couldnt ask for a better place to stay really	
  	OK But No Longer Truly Four Star	The Argent  have one time been a true four-star hotel. However that is not the case today.The Argent is OK but one can only ask how many years its been since the last reation.And beyond the physical qualities I really dont like getting up in the morning and finding as I head for the shower that theres no shower cap.The Argent is OK --and if ..as in this case .. my expenses were being paid I would not object to staying there but if I were on my own I would go elsewhere.	
  	bad customer service	I love the Argent but the customer service sucks. Ive stayed at this hotel several times and each time I keep giving it a second chance. Im finally done. I payed for my room in advance when I arrived. On my depature date I checked out and a gentleman at the front desk said that I didnt pay. We eventually settled the matter and I was very happy to get out of the hotel. When I arrived home I checked my paypal account and the guy ran my credit card  times quotwhile he was in the back office checking the recordsquot. Luckly I had transferred all of my money out of the account. I called and complained and they said there wasnt anything that they could do. The gentleman at the desk should not have been so sneaky. Especially after I gave him proof that I had paid for my room in advance.	
  	Ugly view--complained--moved to beautiful view--happy	My husband and I stayed at the Argent  - . When we checked in a young woman at the front desk gave us a room on the th floor with a horrible view of two water tanks and an ugly building. She said we would have to check back the next morning to see if any other rooms were available. Not wanting to unpack any of my luggage and re-pack it the next morning I called and spoke with a man who also worked at the front desk. He moved us into a room with a beautiful view immediately with no questions asked. Overall we enjoyed our stay. The bed was wonderfully comfortable and the valet service was prompt and efficient. Here are a couple of quotdiningquot tips Go left out of the hotel and left onto ket Street to - about . blocks. Two donuts for a dollar. Huge excellent apple fritters for .. Directly across Third Street is the Yerba Buena International ket where you can get excellent inexpensive Asian lunch buffets.	
   	Lovely hotel POOR service	A colleague and I we are both female late sreserved a deluxe room for a y  weekend at the Argent. Due to a formal function we had to attend the only flight we could book had us arrive at the San Francisco airport before am. I had called  weeks prior to our arrival to see if early check-in could be arranged explaining that we needed time to get some sleep and prepare for our affair. A very polite gentleman advised that the request was quot...no problem...quot and gave me a confirmation #. I called to advise of our pending arrival as soon as our car was on route from the airport. I was almost indignantly informed that the hotel was booked and early check-in was out of the question. The lady supplemented with a curt quotNo one would EVER guarantee that maam.quot We arrived ~ am amp were advised to return  hours later at PM. by then cautious we returned at PM amp still had to wait quite a while until we were finally given a room. The desk supervisor acted as if we were being unreasonable to have expected better - after all they were quot...% occupied.quot Wonderful accomodations lovely hotel -- dampened by poor service. Kudos however to the concierge - who eyed us sympathetically as we sat for  hours in the lobby amp rushed our bags to our room before we were advised it was available. I travel frequently amp internationally can easily state that this was the only truly unpleasant hotel experience I can recall. The Argent desk staff can stand some lessons in courtesy amp customer service from other properties. The Westin in Long Beach CA and the Atlanta riott quis would be good places to start.	
  	disappointed	The only thing going for the Argent as judged by my  night experience last week are the Concierge and parking staff. After checking the website and reading all the preview emails from the Argent before our arrival I was excited towards our stay for our first trip to San Francisco. In my mind the floor to ceiling windows left me with a beautiful vision we would see of the beautiful skyline of San Francisco. Since we arrived from Boston at close to  A.M. I somewhat brushed off the aloofness of the front desk clerk who checked us in thinking he  have been as tired as we were after our journey of  hours to get there. A quotgood morningquot would have been appreciated. We found our room assigned to us on the th floor rushed to draw the curtain to take peak at the lovely view described of the skyline. Gee we had a dark and vacant office building to our left a parking garage to our right and the vents to the building below us. Not quite the view I was expecting. Being exhausted I just crashed to get a few hours of good sleep. I must admit the mattresses were very comfortable. That good night sleep was impossible.......our room was abutting the elevators Well In the morning I expected to see quite a busy lobbyquotperhaps booked to capacityquot... be justifying the worst located room.. Well I didnt see the overabundance of guests floating around the quiet lobby so at this point I was very disappointed and felt very misled by the Argents website and the front desk clerk. In all the  hotels we stayed during our California vacation every one offered a friendly courteous greeting and an option of room choice except the Argent. So for three aggravating nights we put up with the elevator shafts and the not so lovely view. The quotcustomer servicequot just was not there. Sorry to say when I do a return trip to San Francisco I will not stay at the Argent. I wish the ene- mene-mine-mo landed on the Hyatt.	
  	Nice aesthetics poor service	The Argent Hotel in San Francisco was recommended to me by a business associate I will most definitely not extend a recommendation for the Argent Hotel. I stayed at the Argent for two nights  amp  and the problems commenced upon check in. The rooms were reserved on a company American Express card and were supposed to be pre-paid. Upon check-in the clerk insisted that I give him one of my credit cards which was fine because I was under the impression that since the rooms were pre-paid so my card would be used to cover service items such as valet parking and meals. But even after I told him that the rooms were pre-paid he continued to charge the rooms to my card. After registration was complete I noted that I was charged twice for the room I tried to resolve this issue with the clerk but he assured me that there was nothing he could do. I than asked to see the manager. The manager had to double check everything that the clerk had already done and asked me all the same questions she than saw that the room was indeed pre-paid. After check-in everything seemed to be quite nice. The rooms are well appointed and the public areas are very pleasing. The next morning I went to retrieve my car out of valet after I got in the car I had realized that I was missing all the keys off the ring except a valet key. I asked the valet attendant what had happened to the two master keys to my rental car and he said that he had no idea and I should check my bags. I told him that when I arrived the day before the hotel entrance was very busy and a different valet attendant told me to leave the car running thus the key in the ignition and my bags and car would be taken car of. He assured me that I was lying and had no idea what I was talking about. I know that when I received the car at the airport it had two Cadillac master keys and a plain gray valet key. I don’t park cars for a living and subsequently have no use for a valet key. After the valet attendant had raised his voice to me I asked him to call the manager so we could get this issue resolved he replied that he was the manager. So I asked him to call the hotel manager the same woman who had to take care of the billing issue the day before. After about  minutes passed the manager came out and got my and the valet attendant’s versions of the story. After she had spoken with both of us she gave me a breakfast coupon and said that they would look for my keys. A breakfast coupon…I would at least expect a refund on the parking  but I suppose you have to pay that much plus tips just to get your keys stolen and get called a liar. Now because it was a rental car I can’t hold too much of a grudge on them for stealing the keys but if it were my own car it would be a different story. I can however say that the service was much under expectations and should have been more professional for a hotel in this league. If you have stayed at the Argent and had noticed lost items from your vehicle ex keys cell phones etc. you should try calling the valet booth while speaking to the valet attendant he opened a drawer full of keys and phones. If you’re looking for a comfortable convenient luxury hotel…try the Four Seasons.	
  	An excellent option in the Union Square district	I regularly attend conferences in downtown SF and Ive tried a lot of hotels over the years. I spent a week at the Argent last time and -- as long as I can get a good discount on the rack rate -- Ill stay there again. Ive been lucky to stay in hotels elsewhere with an even higher standard of service but I could find nothing to fault here. Stylish oration large comfortable beds spotlessly clean spectacular views helpful staff. I didnt eat in the hotel restaurant at all but the food at a reception we held was excellent.	
  	Bravo	We stayed two nights at the Argent in  . The location is great Cabs regularly stop for hire. We had rented a car but quickly realized that a car is more of a liability Parking at the Argent is . per night if you dont get the park amp play rate. The rooms are tastefully orated with one of the most comfortable beds Ive slept in. They have down comforters and crisp sheets. The bathroom tubshower does need a little work though. Ours had some minor mold in the grout. Other than that the hotel is great and we will definitely stay here again	
  	Great Location	Overall I was very happy with the hotel. The rooms are clean and comfortable and the location is great - easy walking distance to Union Square shopping and excellent transit access to all the tourist sites. I was attracted to the the hotel by the great internet deals however it did come at a price. Our first night was fine but night two our floor was mobbed by a group of high school atheletes likely on the same internet deal. The kids were rowdy and needless to say we hardly got any sleep. The hotel did resolve the problem by moving us to another floor for the remainder of our stay. If you are planning a tourist adventure to San Francisco I still believe that this hotel should remain as one of your top choices. If you are contemplating a hotel around Fishermans Warf dont. It is an overated tourist trap. Besides the warf is accessible by a min transit ride from the Argent.	
  	Good location nice rooms	We stayed here one night. It was a nice location clean hotel nice little bar. Nothing spectacular but really great for the price we paid. Beds were qutie comfortable. Showers are something to be desired. They need some updating. We come to San Fran often and this hotel is a good spot. We would stay here again if we were in town for sure	
  	Wasted Potential	The Argent is potential wasted. Rates are usually good but everything else is downhill. Having stayed here  times I must say the hotel has issues. If it is full forget getting breakfast it took us over  hour in the restaurant. Rooms can be very nice but once I found rotting food under the bed once I found dirt everywhere and once my room was triangulartiny and most uncomfortable. The Front desk staff are useless and expect issues checking in and there is no hope they will solve problems. On the brighter side common areas are lovely some rooms are great and the bar is nice. 	
  	My room was given away too	I made reservations two nights before my stay through the hotel website for the park amp play rate of . which included  double sized beds on floor - with a limited view. Which was fine since I was a native of San Francisco and only wanted a comfortable place to stay in a nice hotel. I called at pm the night of my reservation to see if it was ok to check in later that night or if I should stop in before going to dinner. The guy at the front desk assured that my room was already reserved and waiting for me and that I could check in as late as am. I got there at pm and pulled up to the valet and the bell boy was busy with someone else. So I loaded my own bags onto a cart and rolled them into the hotel myself. The lady at the front desk told me she had two parlor rooms available on the top th floor of their hotel with a gorgeous view but there was only one queen sized bed in the room. She explained that this was part of a suite that wasnt rented out but was twice the size of any standard room. I asked if I could see the room first and come back down and tell her if I did or did not want it. She said fine so I went up. As soon as I walked in I noticed there wasnt even a bed the bed she was talking about was a sofa bed. The room was rather large but there was a huge meeting table taking up half of it. I could care less about the view of Yerba Buena Gardens either. I had the bellboy who finally showed up to bring my bags up call down to say this would not do. I was told there were no other rooms left so I was stuck in this one. I immediately went down to the lady at the front desk that also confirmed this. I had a horrible evening of tossing and turning on the warped sofa bed and got no sleep amp my wife amp two kids werent comfortable either. They gave us a lousy discount of  for giving our room away but that was given right back in tips to the bellboy valet and the guy that had to put sheets on our sofa bed. I will never in my life stay here again Even if you make reservations through the hotel themselves they will not honor them unless you show up at pm or something	
  	disappointed	I recently stayed at the argent with my boyfriend. We stayed for one night. The pictures online were gorgeous and I just kind of randomly picked this hotel. When I checked in the woman working the front desk wasnt very friendly. She did her job and she did it efficiently so I guess I shouldnt complain. None of the staff seemed terribly friendly but perhaps this is because I am . The room was tiny and I think the bathroom was almost the size of the bedroom. It was strange. The bed was small and only moderately comfortable. The pillows were excellent though The television was placed in a weird spot next to the bed instead of at the foot of the bed. The following m be a minor detail but it really annoyed me at the time. THere was no indication of where the ice machine is. I was extremely tired and all I wanted was a glass of ice water and I had to walk the entire length of the hallway of the eleventh floor to find it.I suppose the suites are really nice but the lowest rate rooms are not. The Argent is trying to be a luxury hotel and at first glance it seems that way. But upon closer inspection it is your average hotel. I would much rather stay at a run-of-the-mill hotel such as a Best Western or something where the rooms are bigger and the staff is friendlier.  I will not be staying here again.	
  	Good place. Excellant Value.	Nice place. Helpful staff. My basic King room was spacious enough and even had a small dressing area with dresser near the sink. I found a good deal on a travel site that included free parking a  value in that part of town. The only thing that might keep me from staying here again on business is lack of hi speed internet in the basic room. Close to BART.	
  	Loved it	I booked the Argent because of location. It is a half block from ket St where you can catch BART F Train Muni or buses so it is very convienent. As it turns out it was a a great hotel too The rooms are very nice and clean too. The windows go from floor to ceiling so it only adds the great views of the city. I love the o orations through out the room and hotel lobby. The Argent offers great rooms and has a great location too	
  	Small room	My husband and I stayed at The Argent ch  through il  . We had a convention rate National Court Reporters Association of . per night. Our room was on the top floor and had a nice view of the bay. However the room was very small about  X  with the TV in the corner at the head of the bed on the opposite from the chair. There were no drawers except the little lap drawer of the desk. The closet rod was about waist level for hanging folded slacks but not high enough to hang a dress or hand slacks by the hem or waist. I think the room was just a space they had left over and ided to stick a bed in so they could rent it to some poor souls such as us. The least they should do with this room is offer it at a substantially reduced rate.	
  	Loved This Luxurious Hotel	This hotel was definitely classy and beautiful. We got a great deal when booking online. The rooms were gorgeous Contemporary furniture and accessories The hotel staff was pleasant and helpful. As with several other reviewers the only problem we had was when checking out there were charges on our bill for items in the fridge. We talked to the concierge and the items were deducted immediately without a hassle.	
  	Billing Problems left a Bad Impression	The hotel was nice enough but like other reviewers have noted we had problems with the billing when we checked out. We booked our room under a special holiday package that included parking. When checking out not only were we charged for parking but the desk blamed the billing problems on the way we booked our reservation. After reading the hotel reviews before we stayed at the Argent I had printed out my information as I made my reservation and showed them how we had reserved the room correctly. The experience left me with a very bad impression about this hotel.	
  	ok but not great	The hotel is overall very elegant. The problem I had was I booked through expedia and was given a very small oddly shaped room. In addition it smelled of urine. I told the front desk but they didnt seem to care. Otherwise the bed was very comfortable.	
  	Good Value		
  	First Class all the way		
   	Nice hotel but ask what is being charged to your bill at check-in		
  	Location Location Location		
  	Gave my room away		
  	Beautiful but lacking		
  	Great hotel		
  	Great Hotel		
  	Not what I expected...		
  	Nice Hotel		
   			
   	consigliatissimo		
   			
   	Ottimo hotel a prezzi contenuti		
   	tolle Lage direkt am Union Square		
   	Hotel costoso		
   			
   	Gutes Preis-Leistungsverhältnis mit Abstrichen		
   			
   	Tolle zentrale Lage		